<properties
 pageTitle="Users not able to access workspace via AAD auth"
 description="Users not able to access workspace via AAD auth"
 service="Microsoft.Databricks"
 resource="Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces"
 authors="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 ms.author="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="3ad86af7-2f38-42d3-89b2-741cfed13118"
 ownershipId="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
/>

# Users not able to access workspace via AAD auth

## Symptom

Users not able to access workspace via AAD auth getting error:

`Message: AADSTS90015: Requested query string is too long.` <br />

## Troubleshooting

1. Does login with direct access through the workspace URL https://westus2.azuredatabricks.net/?o=56xxxxxxxxxxxxx work?

2. What is access level on workspace object with respect to Azure IAM? Owner or Contributor or Reader? 

3. Please collect the browser network trace (HAR file) and involve AAD team to help analyze it.

## Solution

- Check the size of query string sent sent to AAD from Databricks. Get the full URL and see if hash is included as part of redirection to AAD for authentication. 

  There is a limit for the HTTP request query string accepted by AAD, which is 4096 bytes.If the ""hash"" part that was too long, it would be the cause of the error. Databricks team is flagged internally for design change regarding OAuth flow for per-workspace URLs. The fix will be coming from Databricks.

- Customers shouldn’t be using the Launch Workspace button in Azure unless they have the Contributor or Owner roles. Instead, they should be using the workspace URL directly. This issue happens exclusively in cases where the user tries to login after encountering a login error.

## Next Steps

- File IcM for AAD related errors to analyze HAR trace.
- File Databricks SF ticket if the error is returned while redirection to Datbricks URL from AAD.
