<properties
    pageTitle="We are sorry, we detected severe issues with your IoT Hub that's impacting multiple features. We're working to automatically recover your IoT Hub and to determine the source of the problem. Please contact support if this is an high impact event for you."
    description="We are sorry, we detected severe issues with your IoT Hub that's impacting multiple features. We're working to automatically recover your IoT Hub and to determine the source of the problem. Please contact support if this is an high impact event for you."
    infoBubbleText="We are sorry, we detected severe issues with your IoT Hub that's impacting multiple features. We're working to automatically recover your IoT Hub and to determine the source of the problem. Please contact support if this is an high impact event for you."
    service="Microsoft.Devices"
    resource="IotHubs"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Devices-IotHubs-healthannotation_MULTIPLE_SCENARIOS_UNAVAILABLE"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_MULTIPLE_SCENARIOS_UNAVAILABLE,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Azure IoT Hub resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

We are sorry, we detected severe issues with your IoT Hub that's impacting multiple features. We're working to automatically recover your IoT Hub and to determine the source of the problem. Please contact support if this is an high impact event for you. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.