<properties
    pageTitle="We are sorry, we detected an issue with connectivity to your IoT Hub. We're working to automatically recover your IoT Hub and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    description="We are sorry, we detected an issue with connectivity to your IoT Hub. We're working to automatically recover your IoT Hub and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    infoBubbleText="We are sorry, we detected an issue with connectivity to your IoT Hub. We're working to automatically recover your IoT Hub and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    service="Microsoft.Devices"
    resource="IotHubs"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Devices-IotHubs-healthannotation_CONNECTION_DEGRADED"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_CONNECTION_DEGRADED,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Azure IoT Hub resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

We are sorry, we detected an issue with connectivity to your IoT Hub. We're working to automatically recover your IoT Hub and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.