<properties
    pageTitle="We are sorry, your Analysis Services server is degraded. We're working to automatically recover your Analysis Services server and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    description="We are sorry, your Analysis Services server is degraded. We're working to automatically recover your Analysis Services server and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    infoBubbleText="We are sorry, your Analysis Services server is degraded. We're working to automatically recover your Analysis Services server and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    service="Microsoft.AnalysisServices"
    resource="servers"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.AnalysisServices-servers-healthannotation_NO_REASON_DEGRADED"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_NO_REASON_DEGRADED,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Azure Analysis Service resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

We are sorry, your Analysis Services server is degraded. We're working to automatically recover your Analysis Services server and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.