<properties
    pageTitle="You have reached the maximum allowable memory allocation for your tier. Consider upgrading to a tier with more available memory. You have reached the maximum allowable memory allocation for your tier. Consider upgrading to a tier with more available memory."
    description="You have reached the maximum allowable memory allocation for your tier. Consider upgrading to a tier with more available memory. You have reached the maximum allowable memory allocation for your tier. Consider upgrading to a tier with more available memory."
    infoBubbleText="You have reached the maximum allowable memory allocation for your tier. Consider upgrading to a tier with more available memory. You have reached the maximum allowable memory allocation for your tier. Consider upgrading to a tier with more available memory."
    service="Microsoft.AnalysisServices"
    resource="servers"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.AnalysisServices-servers-healthannotation_OutOfMemory"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_OutOfMemory,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Azure Analysis Service resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

You have reached the maximum allowable memory allocation for your tier. Consider upgrading to a tier with more available memory. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.