articles/microsoft.storage/storage-files-deletion.md, before:

<properties
	pageTitle="Unable to delete file in an Azure file share"
	description=" Unable to delete file in an Azure file share"
	service="microsoft.storage"
	resource="storageaccounts"
	authors="jeffpatt24"
	ms.author="jeffpatt"
	displayOrder=""
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds=" 32736816"
	resourceTags=""
	productPesIds="16460"
	cloudEnvironments="public,MoonCake,FairFax,BlackForest, usnat, ussec"
	articleId="Unable to delete file in an Azure file share"
	ownershipId="StorageMediaEdge_StorageFiles"
/>

# Troubleshooting Azure Files deletion issues

## **Recommended Documents**    

- [Unable to delete a file or directory in an Azure file share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-windows-file-connection-problems#open-handles)
- [Troubleshoot Azure Files problems in Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-windows-file-connection-problems)<br>
- [Troubleshoot Azure Files problems in Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-linux-file-connection-problems)<br>

Commit message:

Open Handle related changes
Open Handle related changes

articles/microsoft.storage/storage-files-deletion.md, after:

<properties
	pageTitle="Unable to delete file in an Azure file share"
	description=" Unable to delete file in an Azure file share"
	service="microsoft.storage"
	resource="storageaccounts"
	authors="jeffpatt24"
	ms.author="jeffpatt"
	displayOrder=""
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds=" 32736816"
	resourceTags=""
	productPesIds="16460"
	cloudEnvironments="public,MoonCake,FairFax,BlackForest, usnat, ussec"
	articleId="Unable to delete file in an Azure file share"
	ownershipId="StorageMediaEdge_StorageFiles"
/>

# Troubleshooting Azure Files deletion issues

## **Recommended Documents**    

The following PowerShell cmdlets can be use to verify and close all open file handles 

1. View open handles for a file share, directory or file using the [Get-AzStorageFileHandle](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.storage/get-azstoragefilehandle?view=azps-3.5.0) PowerShell cmdlet
2. Close open handles for a file share, directory or file with [Close-AzStorageFileHandle](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.storage/close-azstoragefilehandle?view=azps-3.5.0) PowerShell cmdlet
3. [Unable to delete a file or directory in Azure File Share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-windows-file-connection-problems#open-handles)
