articles/microsoft.storage/storage-files-connectivity-linux.md, before:

﻿<properties
	pageTitle="Troubleshooting Azure File connectivity issue on Linux"
	description="Troubleshooting Azure File connectivity issue on Linux"
	service="microsoft.storage"
	resource="storageaccounts"
	authors="jeffpatt24"
	ms.author="jeffpatt"
	displayOrder=""
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds="32642179,32642180"
	resourceTags=""
	productPesIds="16460"
	cloudEnvironments="public,MoonCake,FairFax,BlackForest, usnat, ussec"
	articleId="7ED212B9-8B43-4F72-9904-6BA274E6FC22"
	ownershipId="StorageMediaEdge_StorageFiles"
/>

# Troubleshooting Azure Files: Connectivity issue on Linux

## **Recommended Steps**

- Run [troubleshooting script for mounting errors](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4022301/troubleshooter-for-azure-files-shares)<br>
- Check if you hit [quota error when trying to open a file](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-windows-file-connection-problems#error-1816-not-enough-quota-is-available-to-process-this-command-when-you-copy-to-an-azure-file-share)<br>


**Linux Client Problems**

- ["Mount error(13): Permission denied" when you attempt to mount an Azure file share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-linux-file-connection-problems#mount-error13-permission-denied-when-you-mount-an-azure-file-share)
- ["Host is down" error on existing file shares, or the shell hangs when doing list commands on the mount point](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-linux-file-connection-problems#mount-error115-operation-now-in-progress-when-you-mount-azure-files-by-using-smb-30)<br>
- ["Mount error(115): Operation now in progress" when you attempt to mount an Azure file share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-linux-file-connection-problems#mount-error115-operation-now-in-progress-when-you-mount-azure-files-by-using-smb-30)<br>

Commit message:

Github script for AzDiagnostics
Github script for AzDiagnostics

articles/microsoft.storage/storage-files-connectivity-linux.md, after:

﻿<properties
	pageTitle="Troubleshooting Azure File connectivity issue on Linux"
	description="Troubleshooting Azure File connectivity issue on Linux"
	service="microsoft.storage"
	resource="storageaccounts"
	authors="jeffpatt24"
	ms.author="jeffpatt"
	displayOrder=""
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds="32642179,32642180"
	resourceTags=""
	productPesIds="16460"
	cloudEnvironments="public,MoonCake,FairFax,BlackForest, usnat, ussec"
	articleId="7ED212B9-8B43-4F72-9904-6BA274E6FC22"
	ownershipId="StorageMediaEdge_StorageFiles"
/>

# Troubleshooting Azure Files: Connectivity issue on Linux

**Troubleshooting for Mounting Errors**

- [Step by step guided walkthrough for mounting errors on Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-linux-file-connection-problems)<br>
- [Download and run troubleshooting tool for mounting errors on Linux](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-files-samples/tree/master/AzFileDiagnostics/Linux)<br>

**Linux Client Problems**

- ["Mount error(13): Permission denied" when you attempt to mount an Azure file share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-linux-file-connection-problems#mount-error13-permission-denied-when-you-mount-an-azure-file-share)
- ["Host is down" error on existing file shares, or the shell hangs when doing list commands on the mount point](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-linux-file-connection-problems#mount-error115-operation-now-in-progress-when-you-mount-azure-files-by-using-smb-30)<br>
- ["Mount error(115): Operation now in progress" when you attempt to mount an Azure file share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/storage/files/storage-troubleshoot-linux-file-connection-problems#mount-error115-operation-now-in-progress-when-you-mount-azure-files-by-using-smb-30)<br>
