<properties
    pageTitle="This storage account is experiencing client timeouts. That means the Storage system is waiting too long for responses from the client or the client is taking too long to write/read data to/from Storage. In the Storage Account Metrics, this will be reflected as a high E2E latency with a low server latency."
    description="This storage account is experiencing client timeouts. That means the Storage system is waiting too long for responses from the client or the client is taking too long to write/read data to/from Storage. In the Storage Account Metrics, this will be reflected as a high E2E latency with a low server latency."
    infoBubbleText="This storage account is experiencing client timeouts. That means the Storage system is waiting too long for responses from the client or the client is taking too long to write/read data to/from Storage. In the Storage Account Metrics, this will be reflected as a high E2E latency with a low server latency."
    service="Microsoft.Storage"
    resource="storageAccounts"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Storage-storageAccounts-healthannotation_AccountClientTimeout"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_AccountClientTimeout,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
    ownershipId="StorageMediaEdge_AccountManagement"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your storage account resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

This storage account is experiencing client timeouts. That means the Storage system is waiting too long for responses from the client or the client is taking too long to write/read data to/from Storage. In the Storage Account Metrics, this will be reflected as a high E2E latency with a low server latency. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.