<properties
    pageTitle="We have identified that your storage account availability is degraded due to unhealthy server(s) in the Azure Storage backend. This is likely due to hardware failures on the server(s) and our automated system should detect and remove these servers from being used. If you see persistent failures, please follow the recommended actions below."
    description="We have identified that your storage account availability is degraded due to unhealthy server(s) in the Azure Storage backend. This is likely due to hardware failures on the server(s) and our automated system should detect and remove these servers from being used. If you see persistent failures, please follow the recommended actions below."
    infoBubbleText="We have identified that your storage account availability is degraded due to unhealthy server(s) in the Azure Storage backend. This is likely due to hardware failures on the server(s) and our automated system should detect and remove these servers from being used. If you see persistent failures, please follow the recommended actions below."
    service="Microsoft.Storage"
    resource="storageAccounts"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Storage-storageAccounts-healthannotation_AccountBadServer"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_AccountBadServer,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your storage account resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

We have identified that your storage account availability is degraded due to unhealthy server(s) in the Azure Storage backend. This is likely due to hardware failures on the server(s) and our automated system should detect and remove these servers from being used. If you see persistent failures, please follow the recommended actions below. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.