<properties
    pageTitle="We identified that your storage account became unavailable due to a load-balancing action taking longer than expected on the backend storage servers. The storage operations should succeed as soon as the load-balancing action completes. If you see persistent failures, please follow the recommended actions below."
    description="We identified that your storage account became unavailable due to a load-balancing action taking longer than expected on the backend storage servers. The storage operations should succeed as soon as the load-balancing action completes. If you see persistent failures, please follow the recommended actions below."
    infoBubbleText="We identified that your storage account became unavailable due to a load-balancing action taking longer than expected on the backend storage servers. The storage operations should succeed as soon as the load-balancing action completes. If you see persistent failures, please follow the recommended actions below."
    service="Microsoft.Storage"
    resource="storageAccounts"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Storage-storageAccounts-healthannotation_AccountPartitionDowntime"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_AccountPartitionDowntime,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your storage account resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

We identified that your storage account became unavailable due to a load-balancing action taking longer than expected on the backend storage servers. The storage operations should succeed as soon as the load-balancing action completes. If you see persistent failures, please follow the recommended actions.
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.