<properties
	pageTitle="Mismatched SLO (Redo Lag) - GeoDR"
	description="Redo Lag"
	infoBubbleText="Found GeoDR related issues with Mismatched SLO(s)"
	service="microsoft.sql"
	resource="servers"
	authors="subbu-kandhaswamy, VMMicrosoft"
	ms.author="subbuk, vimahadi"
	displayOrder=""
	articleId="MismatchedSLOs_AC7025F5-55EA-4DB5-918C-155E13653C30"
	diagnosticScenario="crc_sqldb_connectivity"
	selfHelpType="rca"
	supportTopicIds="31980414"
	resourceTags=""
	productPesIds="13491"
	cloudEnvironments="public"
/>

# We ran diagnostics on your resource and found an issue

<!--issueDescription-->
This issue occurs in GeoDR relationship between a largely different SLOs of Primary vs. secondary (Ex. Primary S9 and Secondary S0).
<br />
The log was holdup by the redo lagging on the secondaries instead of active transaction. For example, a Premium database has multiple replicas. The logs generated by the primary are replicated to secondaries, and are redone/replayed on the secondaries.
<br /><br />
Primary cannot truncate a log record until it has been redone on the all the secondaries. We enabled parallel redo feature to speed up redo, and in most cases, redo on the secondaries should be able to keep up with primary.
<br />
However, in rare cases, the redo work on the geo secondary side has be to serialized and this may cause redo lagging when the log generation rate on the primary is very high. This may force availability issue until it has caught up.
<br /><br />
Our product team is actively working on the redo improvements to minimize the redo lagging issues caused by mismatched SLOs.
<!--/issueDescription-->

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Troubleshoot, diagnose, and prevent SQL connection errors and transient errors for SQL Database](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-connectivity-issues)
* [Database connection errors](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-develop-error-messages#database-connection-errors-transient-errors-and-other-temporary-errors)
