<properties
 pageTitle="Could not connect to MySQL Postgres or JDBC  connection to Database times out "
 description="Could not connect to MySQL Postgres or JDBC  connection to Database times out "
 service="Microsoft.Databricks"
 resource="Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces"
 authors="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 ms.author="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="1a699acf-e84e-4e23-ae3b-f8ef8d61293b"
 ownershipId="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
/>

# Could not connect to MySQL Postgres or JDBC  connection to Database times out 

### Symptom

Cannot connect to MySQL, Postgress, or JDBC. Connection to Database times out with an error, such as one of the following:

- `OperationalError: could not connect to server: Connection timed out`

- `Database 'xxx' on server '[REDACTED].database.windows.net' is not currently available. Please retry the connection later`

- `The TCP/IP connection to the host [REDACTED].worker.database.windows.net, port 11042 has failed. Error: 'connect timed out. Verify the connection properties. Make sure that an instance of SQL Server is running on the host and accepting TCP/IP connections at the port. Make sure that TCP connections to the port are not blocked by a firewall.'`

### Troubleshooting

1. Are you able to **nlookup** the database with FQDN `mysql.database.windows.com` or Postgres `server123.com` from Notebook?

      Postgres example:

		%sh  telnet testprogress.postgres.database.azure.com 5432 
		Trying 191.238.6.43... 
		Connected to cr1.eastus1-a.control.database.windows.net. Escape character is '^]'.

      MySQL example:

		 %sh telnet consolidated-westus-prod-metastore.mysql.database.azure.com 3306 
		 Trying 104.42.238.205... 
		 Connected to cr2.westus1-a.control.database.windows.net. Escape character is '^]'

2. Are you able to **tracert** to `mysql.database.windows.com` or Postgres `server123.com` from Notebook?

3. Is it specific to a cluster or all clusters?

4. Is Databricks VNet allow listed in the Azure Database firewall?

5. Is there a SQL endpoint or route available to database?


### Solution

- If **nslookup** fails, they may be using a custom DNS. Try to change a DNS that works and point to ARR. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-name-resolution-for-vms-and-role-instances. 
- If **traceroute** fails, add a route with adding SQL endpoint or private endpoint, and attach to Azure Databricks VNet.
- If the firewall does not have Databricks VNet allow listed, add it and try again.
- If traffic is routed through firewall or proxy. Add a rule to allow traffic to `mysql.database.windows.com` or Postgres `server123.com`.

### Next Steps

If the issue persists, ask SME on AVA and involve Azure Network or SQL teams if needed.
