<properties
 pageTitle="Simple SQL commands getting timed out because of the metastore issue"
 description="Simple SQL commands getting timed out because of the metastore issue"
 service="Microsoft.Databricks"
 resource="Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces"
 authors="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 ms.author="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="bbda4ffc-245f-4e7e-9347-fe88d9afe40d"
 ownershipId="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
/>

# Simple SQL commands getting timed out because of the metastore issue

### Symptom

Simple SQL commands getting timed out because of the metastore issue. The behavior is consistent failure and is resolved with the cluster restart.

`20/03/19 07:11:24 ERROR RetryingHMSHandler: Retrying HMSHandler after 2000 ms (attempt 1 of 1) with error: javax.jdo.JDODataStoreException: (conn=61098) Could not send query: Connection timed out (Read failed)  at org.datanucleus.api.jdo.NucleusJDOHelper.getJDOExceptionForNucleusException(NucleusJDOHelper.java:451) `


### Troubleshooting

- Do **nc test** to verify the metastore host is reachable from the customer VNet. Run similar commands from a notebook in the customer environment:

		%sh nc -zv consolidated-centralus-prod-metastore.mysql.database.azure.com 3306

		%sh for i in {1..10} ; do nc -zv consolidated-westus-prod-metastore.mysql.database.azure.com 3306
		done

- Check if you can connect to the Metastore backend using a simple JDBC snippet (such as, an `executeQuery` scala snippet) or SQL client tools (such as, SQL Client) from the notebook. 

- Verify that the issue is not consistent across all clusters in the workspace.


### Solution

- If you see metastore is not reachable with nc test or the sample jdbc/mysql client test,  check customer network settings and reach out to Azure Networking/Database team if needed.

- If you see JDBC/mysql client test working, it could be related to BoneCP connection pooling used with Hive metastore client. If the customer has not been already configured with HIkariCP, help setting up HikariCP for Hive metastore client and monitor the environment. [Follow this TSG for more details](https://supportability.visualstudio.com/AzureDataBricks/_wiki/wikis/AzureDataBricks.wiki/312231/Connection-Pooling-Hikari)."
