<properties
 pageTitle="Solution subscription is already enabled"
 description="Solution subscription is already enabled"
 service="Microsoft.Network"
 resource="Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks"
 authors="ASMS_SubscriptionManagement"
 ms.author="ASMS_SubscriptionManagement"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="1cc7e13a-c530-4a69-94dc-0513facad460"
 ownershipId="ASMS_SubscriptionManagement"
/>

# Solution subscription is already enabled

<!--issueDescription-->

# This subscription is authorized to send mail over TCP port 25<br>We have found your Subscription is already **authorized** to send mail on TCP port 25. If you are having issues sending mail from a VM's TCP port 25 in this subscription, you may be experiencing other routing related issues.<br><br>Please provide the VM name and the TCP port you are attempting to send mail on for further diagnosis. If you would like to resolve the routing issue on your own see the steps below.<br><br>## **Recommended Steps**<br><br>Try the following steps to resolve the issue:<br><br>1. Stop/Deallocate the VM from the portal, restart the VM, and test again. If your subscription was recently authorized to send mail on TCP port 25, stopping and starting the VM from the portal will cause the VM to pull the updated routing rules from the Azure platform.<br><br>2. Check your VM's network settings to determine if you have Network Security Groups (NSGs) blocking traffic. You can also use [Network Watcher's IPflow verify tool](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/network-watcher/network-watcher-ip-flow-verify-overview) to check for NSGs blocking traffic, User-Defined Routes (UDRs) rerouting your traffic back to on-premises ('Default Route' 0.0.0.0/0), or to a network appliance.<br><br>## **Recommended Documents**<br><br>* [Enhanced Azure Security for sending emails](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/troubleshoot-outbound-smtp-connectivity)

<!--/issueDescription-->