<properties
	pageTitle="Diagnostics Logs"
	description="Diagnostic logging in Azure Cosmos DB"
	service="microsoft.documentdb"
	resource="databaseAccounts"
	authors="jimsch"
	ms.author="jimsch"
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds="32681014"
	resourceTags=""
	productPesIds="15585"
	cloudEnvironments="public,fairfax,blackforest,mooncake, usnat, ussec"
	articleId="cosmosdb-diagnosticslogs"
	displayOrder="261"
	category="Monitoring"
	ownershipId="AzureData_AzureCosmosDB"
/>

# Diagnostic logging in Azure Cosmos DB

Most users are able to resolve their Diagnostic logging issue using the steps below.

## **Recommended Steps**


### **Unable to query logs**  
This may be caused by an expired free tier service in Log analytics.


### **How to get the name of a Cosmos DB Collection**
**Azure CLI Command**: from your machine after installing the CLI  execute the below  
az login       (to login to your account) and then you can List the Collections with all of their information, and check the ID for which Collection  
az cosmosdb collection list -d <DBname> -n <DatabaseAccountNAme> -g <ResourceGroupNAme>  


### **Connection Issue Error: MongoDB.Driver.MongoConnectionException**
Inactive TCP connections starting after 4 minutes are torn down by the Azure Load Balancer.  Mongo drivers are unaware of when connections are torn down by the server and reuse these torn down connections causing socket/connection exceptions.  
Mongo Clients can handle this in two ways:
* Retry/reconnect on connection/socket exceptions
* Configure the client to tear down TCP connections before Cosmos DB does
**Info:** Mongo drivers support connection pooling which mean n connection are used to submit requests.  The driver randomly uses the connection from the pool, so if the client application is not active enough or idle then some connections from the pool can be idle for too long.
 
**Driver settings:**  Configure maxIdleTimeMS < 3 minutes
The goal here is to make the drivers tear down the TCP connection before Cosmos DB so the client can do a graceful closure and reconnect.  
This will cause the driver to close connections that have been idle and are at risk of being torn down by Cosmos DB. [Connection String URI Format](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/connection-string/)  

**NodeJS driver:** Configure socketTimeoutMS < 3 minutes, autoReconnect = true, keepAlive = true, keepAliveInitialDelay = 3 minutes  
In NodeJS this setting operates similar to maxIdleTimeMS. [Connection Options](https://mongoosejs.com/docs/connections.html#options),[MongoClient.connect](http://mongodb.github.io/node-mongodb-native/3.1/api/MongoClient.html#.connect)  

**OS settings:**  
The goal is for the operating system to maintain TCP connections such that they will not be torn down.  
Configure the OS TCP keepalive to use the following values
 
**You will need to configure both values.**
* TCP KeepAlive Time = 3 minutes
* TCP KeepAlive Interval = 60 seconds
 


## **Recommended Documents**

[Diagnostic logging](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cosmos-db/logging/)
<br>This article describes the monitoring data generated by Azure Cosmos databases and how you can use the features of Azure Monitor to analyze and alert on this data.
