<properties
 pageTitle="Not supported APIs"
 description="Not supported APIs"
 service="Microsoft.CognitiveServices"
 resource="Microsoft.CognitiveServices/accounts"
 authors="AzureCogSvc_CognitiveServices"
 ms.author="AzureCogSvc_CognitiveServices"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="7d05cce4-02d7-49bc-b38c-762bf73e5f89"
 ownershipId="AzureCogSvc_CognitiveServices"
/>

# Not supported APIs

Please confirm if the API is supported. The following listed APIs are **not supported.**

* Bing Search API
* Bing Speech Services
* Custom Speech Services
* Speech Translation
* SpeakerRecognition
* TextAnalytics
* QnAMaker

For the above services: Platform team does not handle them

Check alternatives. 

Example alternatives:

**For Bing Search**, Bing team has confirmed they are unwilling to raise any TPS limits. They have throttling at Bing side as well, and documented here: [Bing API ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/cognitive-services/search-api/) See details in this  [IcM](https://portal.microsofticm.com/imp/v3/incidents/details/133780240/home) ticket.

**For Bing Speech**
Speech to Text read [here](https://supportability.visualstudio.com/AzureCognitiveServices/_wiki/wikis/AzureCognitiveServices/426377) 

**For TextAnalytics** try batching instead of document by document scoring.

**For QnAMaker**, Platform team only proxies the "management API" of QnAMaker. According to QnAMaker team, there is a hard limit of 3TPS on management API per customer subscription from its backend. So it does not make sense to increase rate limit for QnA Maker management API.

**Speech Service:**
Speech Services includes 2 set of operations:

1. Speech-to-Text (STT) – TPS is controlled by Speech team, ticket should be directly transferred to them.
1. Text-to-Speech (TTS) – TPS is controlled by Platform team Throttling API, ticket should be handled by Platform team.

**Face**
For TPS increase beyond 50 TPS, we need business justification and their usage scenarios as there may be some legal concerns with usage scenario. 
This is in addition to demonstrated need using Api calls and 429s.

**Text Translation**
Send it to the Translator backend team