<properties
 pageTitle="TCS5:Error Message - Maximum collection quota for current autoscale throughput has been reached. Please scale up the throughput and retry collection creation."
 description="TCS5:Error Message - Maximum collection quota for current autoscale throughput has been reached. Please scale up the throughput and retry collection creation."
 service="Microsoft.DocumentDB"
 resource="Microsoft.DocumentDB/databaseAccounts"
 authors="AzureData_AzureCosmosDB"
 ms.author="AzureData_AzureCosmosDB"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="13870212-48fa-45ee-85bf-bee786d1d21a"
 ownershipId="AzureData_AzureCosmosDB"
/>

# TCS5:Error Message - Maximum collection quota for current autoscale throughput has been reached. Please scale up the throughput and retry collection creation.

The error was caused by trying to create collection/container more than 25 containers in a shared throughput database with autoscale enabled.

**Introduce the following information to customer.**

[**Set throughput on a database**](https://docs.microsoft.com/ja-jp/azure/cosmos-db/set-throughput#set-throughput-on-a-database)
<br><br>In February 2020, we introduced a change that allows you to have a maximum of 25 containers in a shared throughput database, which better enables throughput sharing across the containers. 
After the first 25 containers, you can add more containers to the database only if they are provisioned with dedicated throughput, which is separate from the shared throughput of the database.
<br><br>If your Azure Cosmos DB account already contains a shared throughput database with >=25 containers, the account and all other accounts in the same Azure subscription are exempt from this change. Please contact product support if you have feedback or questions.*

