<properties
 pageTitle="Requested query string is too long"
 description="Requested query string is too long"
 service="Microsoft.Databricks"
 resource="Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces"
 authors="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 ms.author="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="d7e1ae14-65c1-4246-b6a5-906ce3cd340d"
 ownershipId="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
/>

# Requested query string is too long

### Symptom

Users attempting to access workspace via AAD auth are recieving error `AADSTS90015: Requested query string is too long`.


### Troubleshooting

- Does login work fine using the workspace url directly?
- What is the assigned role on workspace object with respect to Azure IAM - Owner or Contributor or Reader? 
- Please collect the browser network trace (HAR file) and involve AAD team to help analyze it
- Check the size of query string sent to AAD from Databricks. Get the full URL and see if hash is included as part of redirection to AAD for authentication.

### Solution

- There is a limit for the HTTP request query string accepted by AAD, which is 4096 bytes.If the """"hash"""" part was too long, it would have caused the error. This is known issue tracked by Databricks team for design change regarding OAuth flow for per-workspace URLs. The fix will be coming from Databricks.

- Customers shouldn’t be using the Launch Workspace button in Azure unless they have the Contributor/Owner role and should instead be using the workspace URL directly. 


### Next steps

- File ICM for other AAD related errors for HAR trace analysis.
- File Databricks SF if the error is returned while redirection to Datbricks URL from AAD.
