<properties
 pageTitle="Workspace Deletion Issues"
 description="Workspace Deletion Issues"
 service="Microsoft.Databricks"
 resource="Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces"
 authors="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 ms.author="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="ad1b51f3-b141-41fb-865a-f5b5111f8906"
 ownershipId="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
/>

# Workspace Deletion Issues

### Symptom

- Need to restore deleted workspace. 
- Who deleted the workspace? 
- Workspace ID log in fails with errror. Error code 404
- The resource was not found, it may have been deleted. If this was launched from a pinned tile on the dashboard, it should be removed. Resource ID: /subscriptions/3ffd0320-be0e-4057-xxxxxxxxxx/resourceGroups/xxxxUS-RG/providers/Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces/xx-workspace1
- The workspace is cancelled. 


### Troubleshooting and Solution

- Check the [Azure ARM logs to find when the workspace was deleted and by whom](https://supportability.visualstudio.com/AzureDataBricks/_wiki/wikis/AzureDataBricks.wiki/312334/Who-deleted-my-Databricks-Workspace). 

- If no clue in Azure ARM logs, check the activity log for workspace and Managed RG and trace the deletion timestamp and user. If no luck, file an IcM to investigate further.

- If it is confirmed workspace was accidentally deleted by user, please follow [this wiki to restore workspace through CSET tool](https://supportability.visualstudio.com/AzureDataBricks/_wiki/wikis/AzureDataBricks.wiki/377416/Grafana-dashboard-and-CSET-Tools?anchor=restore-workspaces-in-cset).

* The SLA for restore is 2 business days. 
* The restored workspace will be void and could be used only for recovering notebooks. They will have to [create new workspace for migrating objects](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-databricks/howto-regional-disaster-recovery). 
* They cannot use the workspace to run jobs or cluster.
* The recovered workspace will get automatically purged after 7 days from the date of restore and unavailable forever. 
* Customer can access the restored workspace using the direct URL. 
* Customer may recieve error when trying to export some notebooks `HTTP ERROR: 404 Could not serialize`. In those cases, they can try clearing the results and retry. It should succeed. If still does not work, they will have to manually copy the notebook cell by cell. 