<properties	pageTitle="Error when connecting to source database"	description="Troubleshooting connectivity issues to source database"	infoBubbleText=""	service="microsoft.dms"	resource="virtualmachines"	authors="rradjou"	ms.author="rradjou"	displayOrder="1"	articleId="db-connectivity-error-source"	diagnosticScenario=""	selfHelpType="generic"	supportTopicIds="32673582"	resourceTags=""	productPesIds="16307"	cloudEnvironments="public"/># <-- Errors you may encounter when connecting to source database for migration and recommended steps --> ###SQL Server as source* **Error**: "SQL connection failed. A network-related or instance-specific error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow remote connections."	* **Recommended documents**: 		[Error connecting to source SQL Server when using dynamic port or named instance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dms/known-issues-troubleshooting-dms#error-connecting-to-source-sql-server-when-using-dynamic-port-or-named-instance)* **Error**: Error 53 - SQL connection failed. (The other codes are -1, 2, 5, 53, 233, 258, 1225, 11001).		* **Recommended documents**: 		[Interactive user guide to troubleshoot the connectivity issue](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4009936/solving-connectivity-errors-to-sql-server)				[Prerequisites for migrating SQL Server to Azure SQL Database](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dms/pre-reqs#prerequisites-for-migrating-sql-server-to-azure-sql-database)		[Prerequisites for migrating SQL Server to an Azure SQL Database managed instance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dms/pre-reqs#prerequisites-for-migrating-sql-server-to-an-azure-sql-database-managed-instance)	* **Error 4060 - Login failed**	Authentication has failed with the target database. Review user actions in [Authentication Errors Page](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/errors-events/mssqlserver-18456-database-engine-error?view=sql-server-2017), and update authentication settings.* **Error**: Failed to start activity due to validation errors.	The schema between source and target databases for a given table is not the same - DMS cannot migrate with mismatched schema. You may not have migrated the schema to the target, migrated incorrectly or schema changed in either source or target after you migrated the schema. Make sure the schema on source and target is the same. Refer to the [SQL Server to Azure SQLDB Migration, select/deploy schema](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/dma/dma-migrateonpremsqltosqldb?view=sql-server-2017). Additional error information on column mismatch between source and target may be provided as well:		* The table in the source and target database needs to have the same number of non-computed columns	* The nullability of column '<Column_name>' in table '<tablename>' is different on source and target	* The data type of the column in the source table does not match with the data type in the target table	* No columns found for the source table. It may not exist, it may have been deleted, or the user may not have access.		## **Recommended Documents*** [Tutorial: Migrate SQL Server to a single database or pooled database in Azure SQL Database offline using DMS](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/dms/tutorial-sql-server-to-azure-sql)<br>* [Azure Database Migration Service Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/dms/dms-overview)<br>* [Database Migration Guide](https://datamigration.microsoft.com/)