<properties
  pagetitle="A Provider or Target is not enabled in your Workspace"
  service="microsoft.quantum"
  resource="workspaces"
  ms.author="dasto"
  selfhelptype="Resource"
  supporttopicids="32740186,32740193"
  productpesids="17040"
  cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
  articleid="00b9b556-6304-475f-95a1-60f3345a332b"
  ownershipid="Azure_Quantum" />
# A Provider or Target is not enabled in your Workspace

When you attempt to submit a job, you may receive one of the following errors:

- "The provider specified does not exist or is not enabled for the workspace"
- "The target specified does not exist or is not enabled for the workspace"

This error occurs when you have not enabled the requested provider in your workspace, or you have not selected a plan that gives you access to the desired target.

It is also possible that the desired target/provider combination does not exist.

## **Recommended Steps**

1. Navigate to your Quantum Workspace resource in the Portal
1. Select the **Providers blade**
1. If you see the desired provider, enable it in the list of providers, and follow the instructions under **Modify a Provider**. Alternatively, follow the instructions under **Enable a Provider**.

### Enable a provider

If you haven't already enabled the provider in your workspace, you'll need to enable them. From the **Providers** blade of your Quantum Workspace:

1. Select the **Add a provider** button at the top of the blade
1. Find the desired provider in the list of providers and click **Add**
1. Find the plan that gives you access to the desired target. You may need to reference the provider's documentation.
1. Accept the provider's terms and click **Enable**
1. Wait for the deployment to complete and try submitting a job against the provider

### Modify a provider

If you have enabled the provider, you may not have selected a plan that lets you access your desired target. From the **Providers** blade of your Quantum Workspace:

1. Find the provider in the list of enabled providers
1. Select **Modify**
1. Identify the plan that gives you access to the desired target. You may need to reference the provider's documentation.
1. Accept the provider's terms, and click **Enable**
1. Wait for the deployment to complete and try submitting a job against the provider

## **Recommended Documents**

**Note: Our documentation for Azure Quantum is in limited preview. Only customers currently in the limited preview can access the following documentation resources.**

* [Azure Quantum Provider](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-private/wiki/Azure-Quantum-provider)
* [IonQ Provider](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/quantum-docs-private/wiki/IonQ-provider)
