<properties
  pagetitle="ADF extension for Azure Storage Explorer"
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="factories"
  ms.author="hecepeda"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32783473"
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="0445a46e-474c-493d-9975-043fbd22950d"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# ADF extension for Azure Storage Explorer

Most customers can answer their questions about the Azure Data Factory (ADF) extension for Azure Storage Explorer using this article.

### **FAQ and Troubleshooting**

1. Which Azure subscription role assignments are needed to use the plugin?

   - You should have an Azure subscription to use the plugin
   - You need to be a subscription contributor. If you do not have contributor access, ensure that there is a resource group under the subscription with the name as the **subscription id**; you should have contributor permissions on this resource group.

2. How does the Storage Explorer work? Does it create a Data Factory instance?

   - The first time you run the Storage Explorer plugin, it creates a new data factory instance behind the scenes. After that, it reuses this same data factory instance. When you drag or copy folders using the plugin, appropriate pipelines in the ADF service are generated and run to power the data movement.
   - The data movement is powered by the Cloud (ADF service) and does not consume your local machine's bandwidth.  

3. How much does it cost for the data movement using the plugin? 

   - Because we require the ADF service to be created to power the data movement, equivalent charges will apply to your data movement jobs. Check the Azure Data Factory pricing page for [more details](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/data-factory/).
   - In Storage Explorer, under **Activities**, find the pipeline information and DIU consumption. Use this value to estimate the data movement cost. 

4. Who is the plugin for?

   - The plugin is useful to anyone who needs to move data (that is, binary copy) from Amazon S3 to Azure storage. Understanding ADF concepts is not required. To find all created pipelines under the ADF instance, log in to the ADF UI (www.adf.azure.com). For example, interactive data science experiments may require importing data from various sources (S3) to Azure storage before running the experiment. 

   - For advanced use cases, we suggest using ADF UI (www.adf.azure.com), which provides many more properties to accommodate various scenarios. 

## **Recommended Documents**

* [ADF Storage Explorer Extension](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-DataFactory/blob/master/StorageExplorerExtension/storage-explorer-plugin.md)
