<properties
  pagetitle="Azure DevOps Services Assigning Access Levels "
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="pazand,vimalt"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32572358"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15543"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="049687e0-7744-404d-8a8e-903f5296e775"
  ownershipid="Azure_DevOps_Services" />
# Azure DevOps Services Assigning Access Levels 

Most users are able to resolve their issue using the steps below

## **Recommended Steps**

*   Where can I manage access levels? 
    *   Sign in to your organization (for example, https://dev.azure.com/your-organization-name-here)
    *   Select **Organization settings**
    *   Select **Users**
    *   See the [complete how-to article](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/add-organization-users?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page)
    
*   How do I find a user's access level? 
    *   Sign in to your organization 
    *   Select **Organization settings**
    *   Select **Users**
    *   Search for the user. Their access level is next to their name. 
    *   [Learn more about managing access levels](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/add-organization-users?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page)
    
*   How do I remove users from Azure DevOps?
    *   Sign in to your organization 
    *   Select **Organization settings**
    *   Select **Users**
    *   Open the context menu for the user to be removed. Select **Remove from Organization**
    *   Choose **Remove** in the confirmation dialog
    *   [Learn more about removing users](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/delete-organization-users?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page)

## Common questions

**I added a user to my project. Why can’t they access some features?**

There’s a good chance the user is assigned the **Stakeholder** access level. The Stakeholder access level provides **partial** access to features in Azure DevOps, but can be assigned to unlimited users for free. To provide access to more features, the administrator will need to [assign the user Basic or Basic + Test Plans.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/billing/buy-basic-access-add-users?view=azure-devops#assign-users-basic-or-basic--test-plans) 
[Learn more about different access levels in Azure DevOps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/security/access-levels?view=azure-devops). 

**I’ve assigned a user the Visual Studio Subscription access level, but it reverts back to Stakeholder. Why?**

Visual Studio (VS) subscribers are entitled to the Azure DevOps features as a subscriber benefit. Azure DevOps will automatically recognize a user’s VS subscription upon log-in. Assigning a user the Visual Studio Subscription access level doesn’t purchase a subscription for them; it’s a convenience feature for administrators. Therefore, if you assign the **Visual Studio Subscriber** access level to a user without an active subscription, their access level will automatically revert back to **Stakeholder**. 
[Learn more about Visual Studio Subscriptions in Azure DevOps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/security/access-levels?view=azure-devops#visual-studio-subscription-access).

**I’m having issues accessing the organization and/or project**

Perform the following steps:
    *   Sign out of your browser by selecting the Visual Studio sign out link.
    *   Delete the cookies in your browser. To delete cookies in most browsers, press Ctrl+Shift+Del.
    *   Open your browser and delete the browser cookies. The Visual Studio IDE uses browser cookies.
    *   Close all browsers and close the Visual Studio IDE
    *   Use a private browser session to retry the connection. If the issue is with the Visual Studio IDE, remove the connection and re-add it.
    *   Check out [the guide for troubleshooting connectivity issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/user-guide/troubleshoot-connection?view=azure-devops)
    
### **Recommended Documents**

* For service impacting issues, see [Azure DevOps Services Status](https://status.dev.azure.com)
* Want a quicker answer? For quick answers to common questions and issues, try the [Azure DevOps Virtual Agent](https://azuredevopsvirtualagent.azurewebsites.net/)
