<properties
  pagetitle="How to control the data volume to your workspace and investigate daily cap issues"
  service="microsoft.operationalinsights"
  resource="workspaces"
  ms.author="dalek"
  selfhelptype="Resource"
  supporttopicids="32745391"
  productpesids="15725"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="08fd73e8-99b0-4b56-b257-ac6b0545b836"
  ownershipid="AzureMonitoring_LogAnalytics" />
# How to control the data volume to your workspace and investigate daily cap issues

## Controlling data volumes

Controlling your data being ingested into Log Analytics depends on the source of the data. Review these [tips for reducing data volume](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#tips-for-reducing-data-volume) for many major data sources.

You can configure a **Daily Cap** to limit the daily ingestion for your workspace. Use care as your goal should not be to hit the daily limit because you'll lose data for the remainder of the day when the cap is met and this will limit your ability to observe and receive alerts when the health conditions of resources supporting services are impacted. The daily cap is intended to be used as a way to manage an unexpected increase in data volume from your managed resources and stay within your limit, or when you want to limit unplanned charges for your workspace. It is not appropriate to set a daily cap so that it is met each day on a workspace. Learn how to [set the Daily Cap](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#set-the-daily-cap).

## Daily Cap and other reasons data may not be ingested into your workspace

There are several reasons which may prevent data from being collected:

1. The Daily Cap you configured on your workspace was reached. You can either wait until the end of the 24 hour period for collection to resume, or [raise the Daily Cap setting](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#set-the-daily-cap).  To check the data collection status of your workspace from a , run the query:
`Operation | where OperationCategory == 'Data Collection Status'`. When data collection stops, the OperationStatus is **Warning**. When data collection starts, the OperationStatus is **Succeeded**. 
2. Your workspace has hit the [Data Ingestion Volume Rate](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/service-limits#log-analytics-workspaces). The default ingestion volume rate limit for data sent from Azure resources using diagnostic settings is approximately 6 GB/min per workspace. This is an approximate value since the actual size can vary between data types depending on the log length and its compression ratio. This limit does not apply to data that is sent from agents or Data Collector API. If you send data at a higher rate to a single workspace, some data is dropped, and an event is sent to the Operation table in your workspace every 6 hours while the threshold continues to be exceeded. If your ingestion volume continues to exceed the rate limit or you are expecting to reach it sometime soon, you can request an increase to your workspace by sending an email to LAIngestionRate@microsoft.com or opening a support request. The event to look for that indicates a data ingestion rate limit can be found by the query `Operation | where OperationCategory == "Ingestion" | where Detail startswith "The rate of data crossed the threshold"`.
3. If your workspace is in the legacy Free pricing tier, the workspace has a 500 MB/day daily cap.  You can either wait until the end of the 24 hour period for collection to resume, or change to the [Pay-As-You-Go pricing tier](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#changing-pricing-tier).
4. Azure subscription is in a suspended state due to your free trial ending, your Azure pass expiring or your monthly spending limit reached (for example on an MSDN or Visual Studio subscription). Depending on your situation, you can convert to a paid subscription, remove limit, or wait until limit resets. 

## **Recommended Documents**
* [Troubleshooting Log Analytics data collection](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#troubleshooting-why-log-analytics-is-no-longer-collecting-data)
* [Changing pricing tiers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#changing-pricing-tier)
* [Managing your daily cap](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#set-the-daily-cap)
* [Log Analytics data ingestion volume rate](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/service-limits#log-analytics-workspaces)