<properties
  pagetitle="Common issues with rerun&#xD;"
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="factories"
  ms.author="pacodel,spagarwa,haoc"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32788530"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="092eb954-32d7-4ef5-a472-4a330a12ee2d"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# Common issues with rerun

Resolve common issues with `rerun` by reviewing these steps.

## **Recommended Steps**

## My activity reran, but it shouldn't have rerun

Here's a list of activities that will always run:
- `Wait`
- `Set Variable`
- `Filter`
- `Until` Activity will evaluate the expression and will loop until the condition is satisfied. Inner activities may still be skipped based on the rerun rules.
- `Foreach` Activity will always loop on the items it receives. Inner activities may still be skipped based on the rerun rules.
- `If and switch` Conditions will always be evaluated. Inner activities may still be skipped based on the rerun rules.
- `Execute pipeline activity` The child pipeline will be triggered, but all activities in the child pipeline may still be skipped based on the rerun rules.

### Activity that succeeded on retry was rerun

If your activity succeeded on retry, but you're still seeing it running on a rerun, create a support case.

## How rerun rules determine the first activity that will run

There are 3 different rerun options: 

1. **Rerun the whole pipeline** - This will start from the first activity.
2. **Rerun from activity** - You can choose which activity is the first one that will run. Activities before this one will be skipped. The activity selected and all the activities after that one that are connected to it will rerun.
3. **Rerun from failure** - This marks all the activities as failed and will rerun all these activities, as well as activities that appear after them and that are connected in the dependency tree.

Starting from a container activity (activity that contains other activities inside such as `foreach`, `until`, `if`) will run everything inside it.

## You have no authorization to rerun a pipeline through SDK

If you're able to rerun a pipeline from ADF portal, but not through the SDK, this is because the roles for Azure portal and SDK are slightly different. See [Azure roles for ADF](https://docs.microsoft.com//azure/data-factory/quickstart-create-data-factory-dot-net#azure-roles). 

When using the built-in roles, note the following: 
  * In Azure portal, to be able to create and manage child resources, you must have the Data Factory Contributor role at the resource group level or above.
  * In SDK, you must have the contributor role at the resource level or above.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Rerunning Pipelines and Activities](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/monitor-visually#rerun-pipelines-and-activities)
