<properties
  pagetitle="Auto Provisioning self help guide&#xD;"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="elsagie"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32788548"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15947"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="12f9cc2c-76d0-4ca8-ad0d-81fc0cb19ae4"
  ownershipid="Azure_Security_Security_Center" />
# Auto Provisioning self help guide

Data collected by Security Center is stored in Log Analytics workspace(s). You can select to have data collected from Azure VMs stored in workspace created by Security Center or in an existing workspace you created.

## **Recommended Steps**

### How do I configure the workspace properly for auto-provisioning?

- Workspace configuration is set per subscription, and many subscriptions may use the same workspace
- When you select a workspace in which to store your data, all the workspaces across all your subscriptions are available
- Cross-subscription workspace collects data from different resources multiple subscriptions. This is when a centralized workspace is required in your organization  for the security data collection. For more information on how to manage workspace, see [Manage workspace access](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/log-analytics-manage-access).

### Why can’t I see any security recommendations and alerts even though I have auto provisioning enabled?

If user workspace is selected as the default workspace, make sure the ‘Security’ solution is enabled and installed properly on the workspace. Make sure Azure Defender is enabled  on the workspace.

### "Store additional raw data" section in Data collection doesn’t show as I expected

Selecting a data collection tier in Azure Security Center will only affect the storage of security events in your Log Analytics workspace. The Log Analytics agent will still collect and analyze the security events required for Azure Security Center's threat detections, regardless of which tier of security events you choose to store in your Log Analytics workspace (if any). Choosing to store security events in your workspace will enable investigation, search, and auditing of those events in your workspace.

Note: Security Events tier configuration is shared with Azure Sentinel and if it was already configured there for the selected workspace, they will appear as disabled in ASC. Please change the tier in Azure Sentinel and it will apply for Azure Security Center as well. Please note that Security events will be collected once and used in both solutions.

### Useful links

- To identify automatic provision installation issues, see [Monitoring agent health issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-troubleshooting-guide#mon-agent)
- To identify monitoring agent network requirements, see [Troubleshooting monitoring agent network requirements](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-troubleshooting-guide#mon-network-req)
* To fully benefit from all of Security Center’s capabilities, the Log Analytics agent extension is required. Read more about [Log Analytics agent in ASC](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/faq-data-collection-agents#what-is-the-log-analytics-agent).

## **Recommended Documents**

- [Data collection FAQ](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/faq-data-collection-agents)
- [Azure Security Center Data Collection Workspace Configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-enable-data-collection#workspace-configuration)
- [Azure Security Center Data Collection Cross Subscription Workspace Selection](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-enable-data-collection#cross-subscription-workspace-selection)

### Troubleshooting

* [ASC Troubleshooting Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-troubleshooting-guide)

### FAQ

* [ASC FAQ](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-faq)