<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Private Link Service (PLS) and Private End Point (PE) for Azure Data Factory "
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="datafactories"
  ms.author="lle,susabat"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32782250"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="13856eab-73b9-4f81-b0fa-0846d099ac8d"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# Azure Private Link Service (PLS) and Private End Point (PE) for Azure Data Factory 

By using Azure Private Link Service, you can connect to various platforms as a service (PaaS) deployment in Azure through a private endpoint.

 A private endpoint is a private IP address within a specific virtual network and subnet. For a list of PaaS deployments that support Private Link functionality, 
 refer to [ Private Link Deployments](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/private-link/)

You can set up an Azure virtual network as a logical representation of your network in the cloud. Doing so provides the following benefits:

- You help protect your Azure resources from attacks in public networks.
- You let the networks and Data Factory securely communicate with each other.
- You can also connect an on-premises network to your virtual network by setting up an Internet Protocol security (IPsec) VPN (site-to-site) connection or an Azure ExpressRoute (private peering) connection.

You can also install a self-hosted integration runtime on an on-premises Windows machine or a virtual machine in the virtual network. Doing so lets you:

- Run copy activities between a cloud data store and a data store in a private network.
- Dispatch transform activities against compute resources in an on-premises network or an Azure virtual network.

## **Recommended Steps**

* Supporting private links helps to protect a resource from public access. From an Azure Data Factory perspective, there are two scenarios:

  - Authoring and monitoring through the Azure portal, SDK, or API.

  - Self-hosted integration runtime in on-premises or through a customer's virtual network to access Data Factory service.

**Important considerations** 

* A private link for Azure Data Factory does not enable accessing data stores when you run pipelines. It only enables communication to Data Factory service.

* Currently, it's not possible to block **public access** through Azure portal, SDK, or API to Azure Data Factory, even if you create the data factory with Private Endpoint in your virtual network. This feature will be enabled in mid 2021.  

* To secure communication between self-hosted integration runtime and Azure Data Factory, you can create Private Endpoint in your virtual networking in Azure Data Factory (Azure portal). See [set up a Private Link for Azure Data Factory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/data-factory-private-link#set-up-private-link-for-azure-data-factory).

* Interactive authoring that uses a self-hosted integration runtime and self-hosted integration runtime auto-upgrade is not currently supported in private links for Azure Data Factory. If you want to use these features, you need to set up rules in your networking configuration or corporate firewall to allow these communications access to Data Factory service. See [how to configure domains and outbound ports for self-hosted integration runtime](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/create-self-hosted-integration-runtime#ports-and-firewalls).

* Make sure that your credentials are stored in an Azure key vault. Otherwise, the credentials won't work when you enable a private link in Azure Data Factory.

* If you're using a custom DNS server on your network, clients must be able to resolve the FQDN for the Data Factory endpoint to the Private Endpoint IP address. See [DNS changes for Private Endpoints](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/data-factory-private-link#dns-changes-for-private-endpoints)

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Azure Private Link for Azure Data Factory](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/data-factory-private-link)
