<properties
  pagetitle="Workspace self help guide &#xD;"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="elsagie"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32788561"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15947"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="15b019c3-c956-4da9-ae72-a663d3d23ba8"
  ownershipid="Azure_Security_Security_Center" />
# Workspace self help guide 

Use the following guidance for common workspace issues.

## **Recommended Steps**

### How do I ensure the VM is connected to the right workspace and the connection is healthy? 

1. From the Azure portal, navigate to Security Center. 
1. Under **Pricing & Settings**, find your subscription, then select **Data Collection**.  
   Auto provisioning should be set to **On**. 
   * If auto provisioning is set to **Off**, set it to **On**. the VM could still be reporting to a workspace if configured manually. 
   * If auto provisioning is **On** and set to the **Default** workspace, the naming structure for the workspace is `DefaultWorkspace-SubscriptionID-AzureRegion`. If it was another workspace, it would have been listed.

1. In the Azure portal, navigate to **Log Analytics** workspaces and find the workspace. You may need to look at your VM’s region to determine which workspace is the correct one. For example, if your VM’s region is West US 2, the default workspace will end in WUS2.
1. In the workspace, under **Workspace Data Sources**, select **Virtual machines**.  
   The **green check** indicates a healthy connection. If you have a **red x** or other error for the connection, click the VM name. If you are an admin, first disconnect the connection, and when it completes, connect the VM again. 

### I am not getting any security recommendations or alerts, what could be related to the workspace? 

Ensure that the security solutions are installed on the workspace.
1. In the specific **Log Analytics** workspace blade, go to the **General** section and select **Solutions**  
1. If you don’t see **Security** as one of the solutions, the ASC table structure isn't set up on the workspace and you will need to add the security solution to it.<br>
   If SQL bundle is enabled, these solutions should appear: `SQLAdvancedThreatProtection`, `SQLVulnerabilityAssessment` 

1. To add the security solution, go the same workspace blade, go to the **General** section, and select **Workspace summary**.
   1. Select **Add** 
   1. In the Marketplace, select **Azure Security Center**
   1. In the next window, select **Create**
   1. In the **Getting started** view, you can view the scope of the connection. This will show your subscription, its resources, and workspaces.

   After the workspace is created, the workspace will start to collect the logs it needs. Give it about half a day from when you create the solution, then and then review your recommendations again.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Workspace configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-enable-data-collection#workspace-configuration) 
* [Install Log Analytics agent on Windows computers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/agent-windows) 
* [Install Log Analytics agent on Linux computers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/agent-linux) 

### Troubleshooting
* [ASC Troubleshooting Guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-troubleshooting-guide)

### FAQ
* [ASC FAQ](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-faq)