<properties
  pagetitle="Session Affinity&#xD;"
  description="Cookie based session affinity"
  service="microsoft.afd"
  resource="afd"
  ms.author="jewalte,qixwang"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32788032,32788052"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="17042"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,usnat,ussec"
  articleid="1713d23d-2012-482a-a11c-d5c85d735a9b"
  ownershipid="CloudNet_Azurefrontdoor" />
# Session Affinity

By default, without session affinity, Front Door forwards requests that originate from the same client to different backends, based on load balancing configuration, particularly as the latencies to different backends change, or if different requests from the same user lands on a different Front Door environment. However, some stateful applications, or certain other scenarios, prefer that subsequent requests from the same user land on the same backend that processed the initial request. 

The cookie-based session affinity feature is useful when you want to keep a user session on the same backend. By using Front Door-managed cookies, Azure Front Door Service can direct subsequent traffic from a user session to the same backend for processing as long as the backend is healthy and the user session hasn't expired.

Session affinity can be enabled at a front-end host level that is for each of your configured domains (or subdomains). When enabled, Front Door adds a cookie to the user's session. Cookie-based session affinity allows Front Door to identify different users even if they're behind the same IP address, which in turn allows a more even distribution of traffic between your different backends.

The lifetime of the cookie is the same as the user's session, because Front Door currently only supports session cookies.

## **Recommended Documents**
* [Session affinity and Front door routing methods](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/frontdoor/front-door-routing-methods#latency)
* Enable [session affinity for your Front End host](https://azure.microsoft.com/resources/templates/201-front-door-session-affinity/)
