<properties
  pagetitle="This is the title of the article. It is not displayed in the portal but is a required part of every article."
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="desarkar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32783247,32783252,32783266"
  productpesids="17354"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="18de8313-2b0b-4a0c-9fcd-63902fed26ac"
  ownershipid="AzurePurview_Purview" />
# Azure Purview predefined roles

Azure Purview provides predefined Data Plane roles that control access. 

These roles are:
* Azure Purview Data Reader - Can read all content in Azure Purview except for scan bindings
* Azure Purview Data Curator - Can read all content in Azure Purview except for scan bindings, can edit information about assets, can edit classification definitions and glossary terms, and can apply classifications and glossary terms to assets.
* Azure Purview Data Source Administrator - Can manage all aspects of scanning data into Azure Purview but does not have read or write access to the data.

When an Azure Purview Account is created, the creator is treated as if they are in both the Azure Purview Data Curator and Data Source Administrator Roles. But the account creator is not assigned to these roles in the role store. Azure Purview recognizes that the principal is the creator of the account and extends these capabilities to them based on their identity.
All other users can only use the Azure Purview Account if they are placed in at least one of these roles. This means that when an Azure Purview Account is created, only the creator can access the account or use its APIs until they are put in one or more of the pre-defined roles.


## **Recommended Documents**

* Catalog Permissions: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/purview/catalog-permissions
