<properties
  pagetitle="VM Management on ASE&#xD;"
  service="microsoft.databoxedge"
  resource="databoxedgedevices"
  ms.author="hadhand"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32782325,32785530,32785593"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16597,17132,17133"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="19c1cebe-30e0-4e8c-a7ab-68ab1b31638f"
  ownershipid="StorageMediaEdge_AzureStack_Edge" />
# VM Management on ASE

You can create and manage virtual machines (VMs) on an Azure Stack Edge device by using APIs. These APIs are standard Azure Resource Manager APIs that are called by using the local Azure Stack Edge endpoint. Azure Resource Manager APIs provide a consistent management layer that enables you to create, update, and delete VMs in a local subscription that exists on the device. 

You can connect to the Azure Resource Manager running on Azure Stack Edge via Azure PowerShell cmdlets.

To deploy virtual machines on your Azure Stack Edge Pro device, use templates or go through the Azure portal:
- When using templates, to create the VMs with dynamic IP address, simply use To have the VM get an IP address from your local DCHP server, leave the `privateIPAddress` value blank in the `CreateVM.parameters.json` parameters file. That would let your VM get an IP address from the local DHCP server. Use this parameters file to then create a VM.
- When deploying VMs via the Azure portal, you can add a virtual machine and when configuring the networking specify the IP allocation as dynamic.


## **Recommended Steps**

1.	Learn how to [deploy VMs using VHD]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-j-series-deploy-virtual-machine-powershell#upload-a-vhd)
2.	Commands for VMs on ASE are similar to that for Azure VMs. See [VM Management commands]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-j-series-deploy-virtual-machine-powershell#manage-vm).
3.	Azure Resource Manager provides a management layer that enables you to create, update, and delete resources in your Azure subscription. The Azure Stack Edge device supports the same Azure Resource Manager APIs to create, update, and delete VMs in a local subscription. See [Resource Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/ azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-j-series-connect-resource-manager).

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Deploy VMs on your Azure Stack Edge Pro via templates]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-gpu-deploy-virtual-machine-templates#edit-parameters-file-to-create-vm)
* [Deploy VMs on your Azure Stack Edge Pro via Azure portal]( https://docs.microsoft.com /azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-gpu-deploy-virtual-machine-portal#add-a-vm)