<properties
  pagetitle="Pipeline Cancel "
  description=""
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="factories"
  ms.author="spagarwa"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32788531"
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="27e942c6-ed61-4c2c-8c6c-4cf263690e08"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# Pipeline Cancel 

## ** How to cancel my pipeline** 

To cancel the pipeline, you can select the **Cancel** icon in the ADF UX Monitoring page, or Cancel the pipeline via REST API by following the documentation linked below. 

Chose the recursive cancellation option if the pipeline has ExecutePipeline activities which will trigger child pipeline runs, and you want to cancel those child runs as well. This will cancel all child pipeline runs that have been triggered by the current pipeline run. If the pipeline run has ExecutePipeline activities, and the recursive option is not selected, then the parent pipeline will be cancelled while the child pipelines that have already started will run to completion. 

## ** Pipeline is stuck in Cancelling State ** 

Cancelling a pipeline run can take a variable amount of time, based on the number of activities in the pipeline, and if you are also recursively cancelling all child pipeline runs. When a pipeline is in **Cancelling** state, no new activities in that pipeline run will start. All **Queued** and **InProgress** activities will attempt to be cancelled if they have not yet finished. If you see new activities continuing to run, create a support case. 

Pipeline run cancellation is a best-effort operation, and you will still be billed for any charges that are incurred by the activities before they have been successfully cancelled. 

## **Recommended Documents** 

* [Cancelling Pipeline Runs](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/datafactory/pipelineruns/cancel) 

* [Rerunning Pipelines and Activities](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/monitor-visually#rerun-pipelines-and-activities)
