<properties
  pagetitle="My provisioning service is not working"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="thwimmer"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32780786"
  productpesids="16666"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="2dc614bf-f271-4cf0-b922-3da55fda05ba"
  ownershipid="AzureIdentity_SyncFabric" />
# My provisioning service is not working

**My provisioning service is not working**

There are several different reasons why the Azure AD cloud sync service stops working. Following are the most common reasons, as well as guidance for resolving this issue.

## **Recommended Steps**

**Check to see if provisioning is in quarantine**

A provisioning instance can be placed in quarantine for various reasons. When in quarantine, the provisioning interval increases and you may not see the expected provisioning results. [Learn how](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/how-to-troubleshoot#provisioning-quarantined-problems) to check if your sync is in quarantine.

**Verify that the provisioning agent is installed and active**

The provisioning agent is used to send information between Azure Active Directory and on-premises Active Directory. This agent needs to be installed and active at all times  for objects to provision as expected. [Learn how](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/tutorial-single-forest#azure-portal-agent-verification) to check if there is an installed and active agent.

**Reinstall Azure AD Service Account** 

It's possible that the Azure AD service account used to run the provisioning service is accidentally deleted. Because this account is necessary for the service to run as expected, provisioning will be placed into quarantine with the following error message if the account is deleted:

"CredentialsInvalid AADSTS50034: The user account {EmailHidden} does not exist in the contoso.com directory. To sign in to this application, the account must be added to the directory. Trace ID: XXXX-XXXX Correlation ID: XXXX-XXXX Timestamp: 2020-01-01 00:00:00Z | Response status code does not indicate success: 400 (BadRequest)."

To re-create the service account, follow [these instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/how-to-troubleshoot#repairing-the-the-cloud-sync-service-account).

**Known Limitations** 

[Azure AD Cloud Sync known limitations](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/how-to-prerequisites#known-limitations)
