<properties
  pagetitle="ASD/Renewing or Removing Domain"
  service="microsoft.domainregistration"
  resource="domains"
  ms.author="shrahman"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32690924"
  productpesids="16513"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="31fc3636-f5ce-4b14-b36b-592d35ec28a9"
  ownershipid="Compute_AppService" />
# ASD/Renewing or Removing Domain

## **Recommended Steps**

**App Service Domain Renewal after expiration**

If the auto-renew option was not enabled for the domain and it is expired, you have the following options:

- For the first 4 days, there will be no impact
- On the 5th day, DNS records will be removed. The domain name will be redirected to a parked website.
- Before the 18th day, we can **renew the domain at the regular price**.
- From the 18th day to the 42nd day, we can renew the domain at the domain price + redemption fee (GoDaddy).
- From the 42nd day to 60th day, there will be an auction for the domain and any other registrar will be able to bid a higher value for the domain and buy it from GoDaddy.
- After 60 days, the domain can be repurchased (if available).

**I do not want renew my domain. How do I turn auto-renewal off?**

If you want to use the domain up to the expiration date for this domain, use the following steps to **turn off auto-renewal and prevent the domain from being renewed**:

- Go to Azure portal
- Go to **All resources**. Select the domain that you want to update
- Click **Domain Renewal**
- Turn off the **Auto renew** option
- This action turns off auto-renewal and allows the domain to expire

**What self-service options are available on Advanced Management portal?**
The following self-service options are available on Azure portal > Domain > Domain management > Advanced Management portal:

- Update the domain contact details.
- Turn off privacy for the domain (not recommended). **Note:** This option might be required while transferring domains.
- Update the nameservers.
