<properties
  pagetitle="Problem installing the provisioning agent"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="thwimmer"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32780788"
  productpesids="16666"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="3608e777-4c4e-4bd3-8b60-e22a70b3d2f4"
  ownershipid="AzureIdentity_SyncFabric" />
# Problem installing the provisioning agent

Most users can resolve issues with installing the provisioning agent by using the following information.

## **Recommended Steps**

**Check the installation requirements**

Make sure that the following requirements are satisfied: 
1. Installation of the agent is on a domain-joined host server running Windows Server 2012 R2 or greater, with a minimum of 4 GB RAM and .NET 4.7.1+ runtime.

2. The PowerShell execution policy on the local server is set to Undefined or RemoteSigned.

3. If there's a firewall between your servers and Azure Active Directory, configure the following items: 
Make sure that agents can make outbound requests to Azure AD over the following ports:

|Port Number|How it's used   |
|--|--|
|80|Downloads the certificate revocation lists (CRLs) while validating the SSL certificate |
|443| Handles all outbound communication with the service |
|8080 (optional)|Agents report their status every ten minutes over port 8080, if port 443 is unavailable. This status is displayed on the Azure AD portal. Port 8080 is not used for user sign-ins. |
- If your firewall enforces rules according to the originating users, open these ports for traffic from Windows services that run as a network service.

- If your firewall or proxy allows DNS whitelisting, whitelist connections to *.msappproxy.net and *.servicebus.windows.net. If not, allow access to the Azure datacenter IP ranges, which are updated weekly.

- Your agents need access to login.windows.net and login.microsoftonline.com for initial registration. Open your firewall for those URLs, as well.

- For certificate validation, unblock the following URLs: mscrl.microsoft.com:80, crl.microsoft.com:80, ocsp.msocsp.com:80, and www.microsoft.com:80. Because these URLs are used for certificate validation with other Microsoft products, you may already have these URLs unblocked.

For certificate validation, unblock the following URLs: mscrl.microsoft.com:80, crl.microsoft.com:80, ocsp.msocsp.com:80, and www.microsoft.com:80. These URLs are used for certificate validation with other Microsoft products, so you might already have these URLs unblocked.

- Check the installation logs 
The trace and configurations logs are stored under the following path:
C:\ProgramData\Microsoft\Azure AD Connect Provisioning Agent

The trace folder will contain logs from the initial installation, as well as any subsequential runs of the AAD Cloud Sync wizard.

**Check verbose logging** 

AAD Cloud Sync also has a verbose logging mode that is disabled by default to avoid creating large log files. Verbose logging can be temporarily enabled 
to provide more logs details for potential issues. 

Follow [these instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/reference-powershell#export-aadcloudsynctoolslogs) to gather the verbose logs. The result will be a zip file that contains all the agent logs, verbose logs, and event viewer logs in a compressed zip file in the user's Documents folder. 

These logs are very useful and can help expedite the troubleshooting process, so be sure include these in the initial case creation. 

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Troubleshooting additional agent install issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/how-to-troubleshoot#agent-problems)
* [Troubleshooting object synchronization issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/how-to-troubleshoot#object-synchronization-problems)
* [Troubleshooting sync runs that are in quarantine](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/how-to-troubleshoot#provisioning-quarantined-problems)

**Known Limitations** 

[Azure AD Cloud Sync known limitations](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/cloud-provisioning/how-to-prerequisites#known-limitations)
