<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Sentinel - Automation and Playbooks  - Playbook template is not working as expected"
  description=""
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="yaronsahar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32785994"
  productpesids="16690"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="39e9abed-2b5f-4b32-b2a1-949167e5a4a6"
  ownershipid="Azure_Sentinel" />
# Azure Sentinel - Automation and Playbooks  - Playbook template is not working as expected


## **Recommended Steps**

### To start using a playbook from the Azure Sentinel Github gallery: 

1. Enter the playbook folder. 

2. Deploy the playbook in your Azure Subscription and resource group by selecting the **Deploy to Azure** button. 

3. Fill in the required parameters. You will define the **Subscription** and **Resource Group** of this playbooks, its name, the display name for the connections, and other parameters to be used in the playbook steps. 

4. Authorize all the API connections: 

    1. On the **Logic Apps** resource page, select **API connections** in the menu. 
    2. For each connection, authorize the connection, and make sure to save. 

5. Make sure to perform the required prerequisites defined in the readme file in the playbook folder in GitHub (if there are such). 


### If an error occurs in the playbook: 

1. Make sure that the connections are authorized. You can go over the actions and look for an action with an unauthorized error. 

2. Make sure the parameters you entered in deployment are correct. 

3. Some templates require adapting the logic to the customer specific environment. Check if the generic logic needs some adaption to your needs. It will probably be explained in the readme page. 

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Azure Sentinel Playbooks](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/tutorial-respond-threats-playbook)
* [Azure Sentinel triggers (Azure Sentinel connector documentation)](https://docs.microsoft.com/connectors/Azure_Sentinel/#triggers)
