<properties
  pagetitle="Trigger rerun or cancel runs&#xD;"
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="factories"
  ms.author="arsunda,spagarwa,haoc"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32749445"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="3beda94b-ab40-478f-b8cd-d7a079606006"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# Trigger rerun or cancel runs

If you want to rerun a trigger run or cancel an existing run, use the following steps. 

## **Recommended Steps**

### Rerun

1.	Rerun is supported only on Tumbling Window Trigger runs that are in a final state. For example: **Succeeded**, **Failed**, 
**Cancelled**.  Rerun is not supported on Schedule Trigger. See [Trigger Type Comparison](https://docs.microsoft.com//azure/data-factory/concepts-pipeline-execution-triggers#trigger-type-comparison).
2.	If you're trying to pass new parameters in a trigger rerun, this action is currently not supported. The rerun will take the parameter values passed in the original run.
3.	Rerun is supported on individual runs only by **runID**. To rerun a large number of runs, implement a custom code that calls a rerun on all the runs, one by one, using SDK or REST API.

### Cancel

1. Cancel is supported only for Tumbling Window Trigger runs that are in **Waiting On Dependency** state.
2. For Tumbling Window Trigger runs that are already in progress, cancel the respective pipeline runs instead, which also cancels the respective trigger.

### Trigger run is stuck

If a tumbling window trigger is stuck on waiting on dependency state, but upstream dependencies show up as succeeded in the Gantt view:  Cancel the run, and then rerun the run after cancellation is complete.


## **Recommended Documents**

* [Monitor Tumbling Window Trigger Dependencies]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/tumbling-window-trigger-dependency#monitor-dependencies)
* [Cancelling and Rerunning a Tumbling Window Trigger](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/how-to-create-tumbling-window-trigger#cancel-tumbling-window-run)
