<properties
  pagetitle="Command iotedge list is not listing modules or module is failed."
  service="microsoft.devices"
  resource="iothubs"
  ms.author="darobs"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32680958"
  productpesids="16509"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="3c54ab96-e6bb-4867-8a49-afd19893bb9d"
  ownershipid="AzureIot_IotEdge" />
# Command iotedge list is not listing modules or module is failed.

Here are some common solution to problems running the `iotedge` command line tool, and some common solutions to problems running modules.

## **Recommended Steps**

### **Iot Edge 1.1 and earlier: Issues with `iotedge` command**

The `iotedge` command connects to the IoT Edge Security daemon (`iotedged`) and makes queries into the container runtime. The user running the tool needs to have permission to connect to the daemon's management socket.

1. Ensure `iotedged` and the container runtime are running.
   For systems using `systemd`:

   ```
   sudo systemctl status docker
   sudo systemctl status iotedge
   ```
   
2.  If either reports "Unit \[...\].service could not be found", try [reinstalling the edge runtime](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-edge/how-to-install-iot-edge-linux?view=iotedge-2018-06).
  Both should be reported as active.  
  
3. If they aren't active, try to start the daemons:

  ```
  sudo systemctl restart docker
  sudo systemctl restart iotedge
  ```

4. Ensure the daemon's management URI is the same as in the configuration.

  Alternate configurations may require the `--host <HOST>` option to be set on the command line.

5. Run `iotedge –h` to find the default socket setting, and then confirm that this is the same as the management URI as configured.
  
   ```
   iotedge -h | grep HOST

      -H, --host <HOST>    Daemon socket to connect to [env: IOTEDGE_HOST=]  [default: unix:///var/run/iotedge/mgmt.sock]
   ```
   
6. You may edit `/etc/iotedge/config.yaml` and look for the "Connect settings" section, or run the following and use the first result.

   ```
   sudo cat /etc/iotedge/config.yaml | grep management
   ```
   

7. Ensure your current shell has access to the management socket.
  The common way to get access to the management socket without running as root is to add the current user to the `iotedge` group. If you added the current user to the `iotedge` group, these ID changes will not take effect until you start a new shell.
  If you did not add the current user to the docker group, try to run `iotedge` as root.

  ```
  sudo iotedge list
  ```

### **IoT Edge 1.2 and later: Issues with `iotedge` command**

Iotedge command connects to the IoT Edge module runtime daemon (aziot-edge) and will also make queries into the container runtime. The user running the tool needs to have permission to connect to the daemon's management socket.

* Ensure aziot-edged and the container runtime is running.

  For systems using systemd:

  ```
  sudo systemctl status docker
  sudo systemctl status aziot-edged
  ```
  If one or the other reports "Unit \[...\].service could not be found" then please try [reinstalling the edge runtime](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-edge/how-to-install-iot-edge-linux?view=iotedge-2020-11).

  Both should be reported as active.  If not, try to start the daemons:

  ```
  sudo systemctl restart docker
  sudo systemctl restart aziot-edged
  ```
* Ensure the daemon's management URI is the same as in the configuration.

  Alternate configurations may require the `--host <HOST>` option to be set on the command line.

  Run `iotedge –h` to find the default socket setting

  ```
  iotedge -h | grep HOST

      -H, --host <HOST>    Daemon socket to connect to [env: IOTEDGE_HOST=]  [default: unix:///var/lib/aziot/edged/aziot-edged.mgmt.sock]
  ```
* Confirm this is the same as the management URI as configured.

  You may edit `/etc/aziot/config.toml` and look for the "Connect settings" section, or run

  ```
  sudo cat /etc/aziot/config.toml | grep management
  ```
  and use the first result.

* Ensure your current shell has access to the management socket.

  The common way to get access to the management socket without running as root is to add the current user to the `iotedge` group. If you added the current user to the `iotedge` group, these id changes will not take effect until you start a new shell.

  If you did not add the current user to the docker group, please try to run `iotedge` as root.

  ```
  sudo iotedge list
  ```

### **Expected modules not listed.**

These are common debugging tools for discovering why modules are failing.

* Check the Agent logs.

  ```
  iotedge logs edgeAgent
  ```
  This will report if the modules have failed due to a pull error or an error in the module. Passing the output to a pager and searching for the module name may speed up the search.

* Check the container logs for issues

  ```
  iotedge logs <container name>
  ```
  If the logs contain an error `exec user process caused "no such file or directory"` or similar, the specified image is a different CPU architecture than the device.

  If the logs show that the module did not connect to the Edge Hub, turn on debug logs for the IoT Edge hub to see why the module is having trouble connecting. For more information, see [View the messages going through the IoT Edge hub](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-edge/troubleshoot#view-the-messages-going-through-the-iot-edge-hub).

* Check that the module image can be pulled.
  - If module container has not been created, check that modules kept in private registry can be pulled. Using the same credentials from the deployment, try

    ```
    docker login –u <username> <server>
    Password: <credentials>
    ```
    If that fails, then the credentials in the deployment will not work.

  - If login succeeds or no credentials are required, try:
 
    ```
    docker pull <module image>
    ```
  
  - Depending on the results, do one of the following:
    - If the pull succeeds, you may want to update to the latest IoT Edge runtime, See [how to upgrade the IoT Edge runtime](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-edge/how-to-update-iot-edge).
    - If the pull fails, check the module image and credentials.


## **Recommended Documents**

**1.1 (and earlier)**

* [Common issues and resolutions for Azure IoT Edge](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-edge/troubleshoot?view=iotedge-2018-06&WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_Azure_Support)
* [Learn how to deploy modules and establish routes in IoT Edge](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-edge/module-composition?view=iotedge-2018-06&WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_Azure_Support)

**1.2 (and later)**

* [Common issues and resolutions for Azure IoT Edge](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-edge/troubleshoot?view=iotedge-2020-11&WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_Azure_Support)
* [Learn how to deploy modules and establish routes in IoT Edge](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-edge/module-composition?view=iotedge-2020-11&WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_Azure_Support)

**More Resources**

In addition, most users can find relevant information from a large knowledge base of public resources below. Consider utilizing these channels for non-blocking incidents.

* Prior issues at [azure/iotedge GitHub repository](https://github.com/azure/iotedge/issues?q=is%3Aissue+)
    * Issues in the repo are monitored by the IoT Edge product team
* Stack Overflow questions tagged [azure-iot-edge](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-iot-edge)
* Previously answered [Azure Docs issues](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Aiot-edge%2Fsvc+)
* [IoT Edge Q&A portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/answers/topics/azure-iot-edge.html?WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_Azure_Support)
