<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Migrate: Server Migration replication issues&#xD;"
  service="microsoft.migrate"
  resource="migrateprojects"
  ms.author="rahugup,anvar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32755170,32755172"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16348"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="3e1e9585-9579-4478-9cf0-753d125697ea"
  ownershipid="Compute_AzureMigrate" />
# Azure Migrate: Server Migration replication issues

Most customers can resolve server migration replication issues using the following resources.

## **Recommended Steps**

* **Troubleshoot issues with replication**<br>
   See [Troubleshooting common issues with Azure Migrate server replication](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2149009)

* **Troubleshoot issues with replication appliance (Configuration Server)**<br>
    See [Troubleshooting common issues with replication appliance installation](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2149008) 

* **Installation issues with Mobility service agent**
   * If you're using machines with Secure Boot, disable Secure Boot and retry installation. Secure Boot is not supported.
   * Check if installation failed due to missing [OS updates](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137871)
   * Check if installation failed due to insufficient boot space on [Linux VMs](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137964)

   For other errors with Mobility Service installation, [review this troubleshooting article](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2149002) 

* **Error 78188: Replication critical due to high churn**<br>
   This can happen when the data change rate (write bytes/sec) on the disks of the virtual machines under replication exceeds the [supported limits](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137870). To resolve the issue, follow the [guidance in this troubleshooting article](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2148749).

   If you see this issue consistently, use Premium Managed Disks. If you're replicating to Standard HDD/SSD, upgrade to Premium SSD. To do this, disable replication for the VM, and enable replication again with the Premium SSD disks selected for replication.

* **Troubleshoot source machines that aren't available for replication**<br>
   This issue occurs most frequently when there are duplicate entries in the system. [Review this article to troubleshoot the issue](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2148986).

* **Unable to select assessments for Physical servers**<br>
   The option to import migration settings from an assessment is currently unavailable for migrating physical servers/bare metal servers, and servers from other clouds (GCP, IBM Cloud, Oracle Cloud, etc.) to Azure. Select the option to manually specify migration settings. 

* **Troubleshoot connectivity between the Mobility service on the replicating machine and the Configuration Server, and between the replicating machine and a Scale-out Process Server**

  1. Ensure that the Mobility Service software on the replicating machine is in a running state. <br>
     On Windows, select **Run** > **services.msc** and validate that the **InMage Scout VX Agent – Sentinel/Outpost** is running. <br>
     On Linux, run `sudo ps -ef | grep Vx` and ensure that the Vx agent process is running.<br>
   
  2. Verify that the Mobility service on the replicating machine can connect to the Configuration Server on TCP ports 443 and 9443. If you use a scale-out process server, make sure that it can connect to the Process Server on TCP port 9443.<br>
   
     - On Windows, check connectivity to Configuration Server: Log in to the machine and open PowerShell. In PowerShell run `Test-NetConnection <ConfigurationServer IP address> - Port 443` and `Test-NetConnection <ConfigurationServer IP address> -Port 9443`. The cmdlet should return `TcpTestSucceeded : True` if connectivity exists.<br>
     - On Windows, check connectivity to Scale-out Process Server: Log in to the machine and open PowerShell. In PowerShell run `Test-NetConnection <Scale-OutProcessServer IP address> -Port 9443`. The cmdlet should return `TcpTestSucceeded : True` if connectivity exists.<br>

     - On Linux, check connectivity to Configuration Server: Log in to the Linux machine and open shell. Use the telnet utility to test connectivity to TCP ports 443 and 9443 of the Configuration Server. Run `telnet <ConfigurationServerIPAddress>:443` and `telnet <ConfigurationServerIPAddress>:9443`. If connectivity exists, the telnet client will be able to open these connections to the Configuration Server.<br>
     - On Linux, check connectivity to scale-out Process Server: Log in to the Linux machine and open shell. Run `telnet <Scale-OutProcessServerIPAddress>:9443`. If connectivity exists, the telnet client will be able to open a connection on port 9443 of the scale-out Process Server.<br><br>
     
     Connectivity from the Mobility service to the Configuration Server or Process Server could be impacted for one of these reasons:
     * The network communication paths have been blocked off due to a firewall or routing configuration
     * The Configuration Server or Process Server machines are powered off
     * The Configuration Server process (**cxpsprocessserver** in services.msc) that listens on port 443 is not running
     * The Process Server process (**tmansvc** in services.msc) than listens on port 9443 is not running
    
### **Recommended articles**

[Migrate AWS VMs to Azure](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137866)<br>
[Migrate physical servers/bare metal servers to Azure](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137867)<br>
[Migrate servers from other clouds (GCP, IBM Cloud, Oracle Cloud etc.) to Azure](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137963). You can migrate most x64 servers by treating them as physical servers for the purpose of migration.<br>
[Migrate Azure VMs from one Azure region to another using Azure Site Recovery](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137868)
