<properties
  pagetitle="Mapping Data Flow - Debugging and Data Preview Common Solutions"
  description=""
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="rakatuko"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32633535"
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="fairfax,public,usnat,ussec"
  disableclouds="blackforest,mooncake"
  articleid="3f79d154-86fc-4e57-985e-39fbee595452"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# Mapping Data Flow - Debugging and Data Preview Common Solutions


## Common Issues
This article explores common troubleshooting methods for mapping data flow debugging and data preview in Azure Data Factory V2.

#### Row count of Data preview result is less than expectation. ####
- **Cause**: There's a hard-code limit (100 rows) for each data flow source during data preview. As a result, if any data flow source has more than 100 rows, the preview data result could have less rows than expectation or the result of activity run
  
- **Recommendation**: This is a by-design behavior. Howevever, you can verify whether the row count is correct 
during a data preview operation [sample file](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/concepts-data-flow-debug-mode#debug-settings) feature in debug setting, with a file less than 100 rows.

#### Get error message `format/store is not defined` or error code as `DF-Executor-StoreIsNotDefined` during data preview. ####
- **Cause**: This error is potentially caused by invalid parameter assignment in the pipeline so that runtime can't parse the data flow definition properly.
  
- **Recommendation**: Check the parameter value assignment in the pipeline or data flow. The parameter expression may contain special characters that are not escaped properly.

#### Get error message "The gateway did not receive a response from 'Microsoft.DataFactory' within the specified time period." ####
- **Cause**: This error could be caused by several reasons:
    - It takes too long to initialize the data flow job for preview operation.
    - Previous operation (`data preview`/`get schema`/`test connection`/`get statistics`/`browse`) causes the cluster to be in a busy state.
    - There's an outage on the ADF service side that causes the data flow API time out.

- **Recommendation**: 
    - Check [Azure Status page](https://status.azure.com/status)/Azure notification to see whether there's an outage going on or not.
    - If this issue happens only occasionally, it could be due to a previous heavy operation. Try restarting a new debug session, which can make the preview operation work.
    - If this issue always happens for a particular data flow, check whether there's a customized query in data flow source. This can take a long time to finish.

#### Data preview result looks incorrect for date/timestamp type column. ####
- **Cause**: ADF visual tool automatically converts the date/timestamp value based on the time zone of client's browser with default timestamp format. For this reason, the preview data might be different as the result of the activity run.
- **Recommendation**: Check the output from data flow sink to see whether the format/time zone is expected or not.

## **Recommended Documents**

- [Azure Data Factory FAQ](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/frequently-asked-questions)
- [Feature Request](https://feedback.azure.com/forums/270578-azure-data-factory)
