<properties
  pagetitle="Customer Lockbox for Microsoft Azure general information and details."
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="ccoop"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32750399,32750400,32750401,32750402"
  productpesids="17320"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="3f7c31ac-0112-4f6d-9175-7e3cfc55e4f7"
  ownershipid="AzureSecurity_Lockbox" />
# Customer Lockbox for Microsoft Azure general information and details.


Most customers are able to find the answers to their questions by reviewing the information below.

## **Recommended Steps**

### **Customer Lockbox for Microsoft Azure**

**NOTE**: To use this feature, your organization must have an [Azure support plan](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/plans/) with a minimal level of Developer.
Access to Preview features requires you to opt in by submitting a request using this [link](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Support/Parameters/%7B%0D%0A%09%22pesId%22%3A%2233476b0f-7f52-9f63-56d0-5924636304ff%22%2C%0D%0A%09%22supportTopicId%22%3A%22f5022379-64d5-3658-08a4-d7427eb2ebd3%22%2C%0D%0A%09%22contextInfo%22%3A%22created%20from%20OPTIN%20shortcut%22%2C%0D%0A%09%22severity%22%3A%224%22%0D%0A%7D). 

Customer Lockbox for Microsoft Azure provides an interface for customers to review and approve or reject customer data access requests. 
It is used in cases where a Microsoft engineer needs to access customer data during a support request.
This information either covers or links to articles that describe how Customer Lockbox requests are initiated, tracked, and stored for later reviews and audits.

Customer Lockbox is now generally available and currently enabled for remote desktop access to virtual machines.

### **Supported services and scenarios in this preview**
The following services are now currently in preview for Customer Lockbox:

- API Management- Azure App Service
- Cognitive Services
- Container Registry
- Azure Database for MySQL
- Azure Databricks
- Azure Data Box
- Azure Data Explorer
- Azure Data Factory
- Azure Database for PostgreSQL
- Azure Functions
- HDInsight
- Azure Kubernetes Service
- Azure Monitor
- Azure Storage
- Azure SQL DB
- Azure subscription transfers
- Azure Synapse Analytics
- Virtual machines (now also covering access to memory dumps and managed disks)

## **Remote desktop access to virtual machines**
Customer Lockbox is currently enabled for remote desktop access requests to virtual machines. The following workloads are supported:
- Platform as a service (PaaS) - Azure Cloud Services (web role and worker role)
- Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) - Windows and Linux (Azure Resource Manager only)
- Virtual machine scale set - Windows and Linux

**NOTE**: IaaS Classic instances are not supported by Customer Lockbox. 
If you have workloads running on IaaS Classic instances, we recommend that you migrate them from Classic to Resource Manager deployment models. 
For instructions, see [Platform-supported migration of IaaS resources from classic to Azure Resource Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/migration-classic-resource-manager-overview).

## **Detailed audit logs**
For scenarios that involve remote desktop access, you can use Windows event logs to review the actions taken by the Microsoft engineer. 
Consider using Azure Security Center to collect your event logs and copy the data to your workspace for analysis. 
For more information, see [Data collection in Azure Security Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-enable-data-collection).

## **Auditing logs**
Customer Lockbox logs are stored in activity logs. In the Azure portal, select Activity Logs to view auditing information related to Customer Lockbox requests. You can filter for specific actions, such as:
- Deny Lockbox Request
- Create Lockbox Request
- Approve Lockbox Request
- Lockbox Request Expiry
For details about what these logs look like, see [Audit Log example](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security/fundamentals/customer-lockbox-overview#auditing-logs)

## **Exclusions**
Customer Lockbox requests aren't triggered in the following engineering support scenarios:
- A Microsoft engineer needs to do an activity that falls outside of standard operating procedures. 
For example, to recover or restore services in unexpected or unpredictable scenarios.
- A Microsoft engineer accesses the Azure platform as part of troubleshooting and inadvertently has access to customer data. 
For example, the Azure Network Team performs troubleshooting that results in a packet capture on a network device. 
However, if the customer encrypted the data while it was in transit, the engineer cannot read the data.

## ** Workflow **
For an outline of typical workflow steps, see [Workflow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security/fundamentals/customer-lockbox-overview#workflow)

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Customer Lockbox for Microsoft Azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security/fundamentals/customer-lockbox-overview)
* [Data collection in Azure Security Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-enable-data-collection)
* [Typical Lockbox workflow](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security/fundamentals/customer-lockbox-overview#workflow)
* [Customer Lockbox request logs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security/fundamentals/customer-lockbox-overview#auditing-logs)
* [Customer Lockbox integration with Azure Security Benchmark](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security/fundamentals/customer-lockbox-overview#customer-lockbox-integration-with-azure-security-benchmark)
