<properties
  pagetitle=" Degree of Prallelism and ForEach - How TO"
  description=""
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="factories"
  ms.author="susabat"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32788533"
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="428b907c-8dcc-4b43-a392-5a05e9463af0"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
#  Degree of Prallelism and ForEach - How TO

This article explains how ForEach and Degree of Parallelism work in Azure Data Factory (ADF). The degree of parallelism in ForEach is actually the max degree of parallelism. We cannot guarantee a specific number of executions happening at the same time, but this parameter guarantees that we never go above the value that was set. You can see this as a limit, to be leveraged when controlling concurrent access to your sources and sinks.

Known facts about ForEach

1. Foreach has a property called `batch count(n)` where the default value is 20 and the max is 50
2. The batch count, n, is used to construct n queues. Later we discuss some details on how these queues are constructed.
3. Every queue runs sequentially, but you can have several queues running in parallel
4. The queues are pre-created. This means there is no rebalancing of the queues during the runtime.
5. At any time, you have at most one item being processed per queue. This means, at most n items are being processed at any given time.
6. The ForEach total processing time is equal to the processing time of the longest queue. This means that the ForEach activity depends on how the queues are constructed.

## **Recommended Steps**

* You should not use `SetVariable` activity inside ForEach that runs in parallel
* Based on how the queues are constructed, you can improve the ForEach performance by setting multiple foreaches where each foreach will have items with similar processing time. This will ensure that long runs are processed in parallel, rather than sequentially.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Trobleshooting Pipelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/pipeline-trigger-troubleshoot-guide)
* [ADF Copy ForEach](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/control-flow-for-each-activity)
* [ForEach Limitations and Workarounds](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/control-flow-for-each-activity#limitations-and-workarounds)
