<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Sentinel - Automation and Playbooks - Creating and editing playbooks&#xD;"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="yaronsahar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32785993"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16690"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="4b7180b6-83ea-4776-8ccc-f2b163d5a6de"
  ownershipid="Azure_Sentinel" />
# Azure Sentinel - Automation and Playbooks - Creating and editing playbooks

## **Recommended Steps**

Need help creating your first playbook? See the [Azure Sentinel Playbooks tutorial](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/tutorial-respond-threats-playbook).

### Issues in an Azure Sentinel step (Azure Sentinel Logic Apps connector)

**Note:** You can identify Azure Sentinel actions by the Sentinel logo.
   
1. Make sure you have the Azure Logic Apps contributor role (or a stronger role, such as Contributor or Owner) on the playbooks that you want to attach.
   
2. I can't find the Incident ARM ID.
   - In playbooks that start with the Alert Trigger (that is, **when an Azure Sentinel Alert was triggered**, Logic Apps trigger), use `Alert - Get Incident` to get the Incident ARM ID. 
   - In playbooks that start with Incident Trigger (that is, **when an Azure Sentinel Incident creation rule was triggered**), the Incident ARM ID is fetched from the trigger and can be found in the dynamic fields list.

3. How can I add HTML inputs that aren't supported by the editor in **Add comment to incident**?<br>
   Use the Compose built-in action prior to the **Add comment to incident** to create the HTML code, and use the output as the input for the comment.

4. I'm having trouble with assigning an owner to the incident.<br>
   You can assign an owner using their User Service Principal or Object ID. These can be fetched from a dynamic list, such as Azure Sentinel Watchlist, Office 365 Excel Online or Microsoft Shifts, or using Azure AD connector.

5. I can't attach Playbook to the Analytic Rule/Automation Rule.
   - If you can’t see the playbook in the list, make sure the subscription in which the playbook is located is in the default Subscription Filter of Azure. In the top right corner of the Azure menu, find the **Directory + Subscription** panel. In the Current + delegated directories, make sure the subscription is selected.

   - Make sure the playbook starts with an Azure Sentinel Logic Apps trigger. 
         - The automation rule allows attaching only playbooks that start with **When an Azure Incident creation rule is triggered**
         - Scheduled Query Analytic rule: Under the **Alert Automation** section, you can attach playbooks that start with the Alert trigger (**When an Azure Sentinel alert is triggered**).
	 - Microsoft Incident creation rule: You can only attach Automation Rules to Microsoft incident creation rules. Only playbooks with an Incident Trigger (**When an Azure Sentinel Incident was triggered**) can be attached to an automation rule.	

### Issue with other connectors

1. See the [full connectors list](https://docs.microsoft.com/connectors/connector-reference/).
2. See [Logic Apps documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/logic-apps/)
3. For any other issue related to Logic Apps, such as Logic Apps designer or other connectors, select Logic Apps in the previous tab.

## **Recommended Documents**

* When should I use Azure Sentinel actions? See [Azure Sentinel actions summary](https://docs.microsoft.com/connectors/azuresentinel/#azure-sentinel-actions-summary)

* How do I use the actions? See the [usage examples](https://docs.microsoft.com/connectors/azuresentinel/#actions-on-incidents---usage-examples)
