<properties
  pagetitle="Unable to deploy Arc Extension"
  service="microsoft.hybridcompute"
  resource="machines"
  ms.author="t-juwa"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32742674,32742675,32742676"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16872"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="4efb140a-0b4e-4498-ba65-33f53565d0fe"
  ownershipid="Compute_HybridResourceProvider" />
# Unable to deploy Arc Extension

Most users are able to resolve their issue with Arc extensions stuck in the "Creating" or "Deleting" phase using the steps below.

## **Recommended Steps**

Important notes:
* Most extensions should finish installing within 30 minutes, but large extensions like the Log Analytics Agent for Linux (OMS Agent) may take longer if you have a slow Internet connection.
* If you are using the Microsoft Monitoring Agent extension, please make sure that you have supplied a valid MMA workspace ID and key, and that you are not including any brackets or spaces.

After reading the above notes, please proceed through these next steps.

1. Run the command `azcmagent show`

    It should say **Connected** next to the ‘Agent Status’ parameter. If not, the issue is with the agent itself. Next, check that it says **running** next to "GC Service(gcservice)," "Extension Service(extensionservice)," and "Agent Service(himds)."

2. Go to the "Extensions" tab in the portal for your Arc machine. Then click on the name of the extension (e.g. CustomScript). Review the "Status level" and "Status message" to check for more information about the extension status.

3. If you're stuck in the "Creating" state, go to your extension reports folder to check if you're missing dependencies (such as Python). Review the [VM extension prerequisites](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-arc/servers/manage-vm-extensions#prerequisites) for the extension you are trying to install. These log locations provide more detailed information about installation errors:

    Windows:
    * *%ProgramData%\GuestConfig\extension_reports* 

    Linux:
    * */var/lib/GuestConfig/extension_reports/*
    * */var/lib/waagent/*

4. Your proxy configuration may be incorrect. [Update or remove proxy settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-arc/servers/manage-agent#update-or-remove-proxy-settings) shows the instructions to update your proxy settings. Arc for Servers does not support authenticated proxies, so make sure your proxy is unauthenticated. Then, restart your himds service to pick up the proxy settings.

5. If your issue is with the Log Analytics Agent for Linux, the specific error code listed by the agent can help you understand the core issue you are having with the extension.
[Linux agent troubleshooting error codes](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/agent-linux-troubleshoot#installation-error-codes) lists the steps to handle these errors for each type of error code.

6. If the above steps do not resolve your issue, please file a support ticket and send us a screenshot of your results in all the previous steps. Please also send us the contents of the following folders for further troubleshooting:

    Windows:
    * *%SystemDrive%\Packages*
    * *%ProgramData%\GuestConfig*
    * *%ProgramData%\AzureConnectedMachineAgent*
    * *%ProgramFiles%\AzureConnectedMachineAgent*

    Linux:
    * */var/lib/waagent*
    * */var/lib/GuestConfig*
    * */var/opt/azcmagent*