<properties
  pagetitle="Data Backup and Recovery"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="juchung"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32300879"
  productpesids="15543"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="577c50fd-f538-4ec5-bf16-e4dc35472e9d"
  ownershipid="Azure_DevOps_Services" />
# Data Backup and Recovery

Azure DevOps Services is hosted entirely in Azure data centers and uses many of the core Azure services including Compute, Storage, Networking, SQL Database, Identity and Access Management Services, and Service Bus. These services let us focus on the unique aspects of running Azure DevOps while taking advantage of the state-of-the-art capabilities, protection, and industry certifications available from the Azure platform. Azure DevOps Services leverages many of the Azure storage features to ensure data availability in the case of hardware failure, service disruption, or region disaster. Additionally, the Azure DevOps team follows procedures to protect data from accidental or malicious deletion. See [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/security/data-protection?view=azure-devops) for more details. Since data backup and recovery are done behind the scenes by Azure, we will focus on this guide for Azure DevOps Server data backup and recovery. Azure DevOps Server is installed in the customer's on-prem system. 

## **Recommended Steps**

Follow through all the steps before you create a support ticket. If you do need to create a ticket after completing the diagnostic steps, provide information about the path you took and results of the steps you ran in your ticket to expedite the resolution of your problem.

* Where can I learn more about backups in Azure DevOps Server?
You can learn more about the kinds of backups available in [Understand Azure DevOps Server databases, deployment topologies, and backup](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/backup/backup-db-architecture?view=azure-devops-2020).

* Are there situations where I wouldn't want to use the Scheduled Backups tool?
The Scheduled Backups tool is designed to meet the needs of most deployments. You might need to configure backups manually if your deployment has security restrictions that prevent the use of the tool or has other requirements for backing up databases (for example, for auditing purposes). For more information, see [Manually back up Azure DevOps Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/backup/manually-backup-tfs?view=azure-devops-2020).

* I deployed Azure DevOps Server across multiple servers. How do I restore it?
The steps for restoring Azure DevOps Server in a multiple-server deployment are essentially the same as described in the tutorial for [restoring data to a single server](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/backup/tut-single-svr-home?view=azure-devops-2020). The process is also the same as the process described in a [restoration-based move](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/move-clone-hardware?view=azure-devops-2020).

* Can I move Azure DevOps Server?
Yes, you can [move Azure DevOps Server to new hardware](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/move-clone-hardware?view=azure-devops-2020). You can also [change its environment](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/move-across-domains?view=azure-devops-2020) such as its domain.

* Data-tier? Application-tier? What are those? Where can I learn more about Azure DevOps Server architecture?
Learn more about how Azure DevOps Server works in [Azure DevOps Server architecture](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/architecture/architecture?view=azure-devops-2020).

* Can't I just touch up the databases manually?
No. Unless you are following the procedure for [manually backing up the databases](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/backup/manually-backup-tfs?view=azure-devops-2020), modifying any Azure DevOps Server database can invalidate your support agreement. It can cause data loss, make it impossible to upgrade or patch Azure DevOps Server, or cause other severe problems.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Azure DevOps Server Data Backup and Recovery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/backup/back-up-restore?view=azure-devops-2020)