<properties
  pagetitle="Immersive Reader fails to launch with a 'Sorry, we couldn't get the right information to show the text correctly' error message."
  service="microsoft.cognitiveservices"
  resource="accounts"
  ms.author="dfulcer,rwaller"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32741244,32741249"
  productpesids="17258"
  cloudenvironments="public"
  articleid="5bbfa68b-06cc-4ebc-b282-0754793314eb"
  ownershipid="AzureCogSvc_CognitiveServices" />
# Immersive Reader fails to launch with a 'Sorry, we couldn't get the right information to show the text correctly' error message.

If the Immersive Reader fails to launch with a *'Sorry, we couldn't get the right information to show the text correctly'* error message, there are a couple possible explanations and remediations. When this issue occurs, it's usually because of a permissions issue related to the Azure AD access token used when launching the Reader. The most common issues are outlined below.

1. The Immersive Reader resource being used (via the *subdomain* used to launch the Reader in the JavaScript *launchAsync()*) does not have the Azure AD permissions configured correctly.

    When an Immersive Reader resource is created and configured for use with Azure AD authentication, one of the steps is to assign the *Cognitive Services User* role to the Azure AD app *service principal*, scoping it to the Immersive Reader resource's *resourceId*. We provide a script to do this for you each time you create a new resource. The details for how to create Immersive Reader resources and configure Azure AD authentication via that script can be found at [How-To: Create an Immersive Reader resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/immersive-reader/how-to-create-immersive-reader).
    
    One mistake that can happen is that developers create a new Immersive Reader resource manually in the Azure portal, and then try to use that new resource/subdomain in their app without first running this script or configuring the permissions manually. If you neglect to configure permissions on the Immersive Reader resource, you will encounter this error. It is very common to create multiple Immersive Reader resources, especially in different regions for different regional deployments your service may support. It is very important to remember that for each new Immersive Reader resource you create, the Azure AD permissions must be configured for it. If you need multiple resources, configuring Azure AD is not just a one-time step; it must be done for each resource. Thus, we recommend that you use the provided script each time you need to create a resource.

2. The Azure AD authentication token has expired

    The Azure AD token has a 1-hour expiration by default. In some product integrations that we have seen, the token is provided in a variable on initial loading of the page. Then, at some time later, the user will try to launch the Immersive Reader, and that previously fetched token will be used. If that launch happens within the token expiry period, the launch will succeed. However, if the user loads the page and doesn't try to open the Reader until an hour or so later, or initially opened it successfully, closed it, and tries to re-open it some time later, that launch of the Reader will fail with this error due to an expired token.

    To prevent this issue, we recommend that you fetch a new token each time the Immersive Reader button is clicked.

## **Recommended Steps**

1. The recommended steps are listed above within each problem description

## **Recommended Documents**

* [How-To: Create an Immersive Reader resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/immersive-reader/how-to-create-immersive-reader)
* [JavaScript SDK Reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/immersive-reader/reference)