<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Sentinel - Threat Hunting ,Watchlist and Notebooks - Notebook is not running as expected"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="yaronsahar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32786019"
  productpesids="16690"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="62f91383-07e0-4d32-a60c-fd46ccc1bb86"
  ownershipid="Azure_Sentinel" />
# Azure Sentinel - Threat Hunting ,Watchlist and Notebooks - Notebook is not running as expected

Resolve most common errors in Notebook using the following solutions.

## **Common issues**

### Query fails with a 'NoneType' error
  
If a query to Azure Sentinel fails, the results set will not be returned. Instead the results will be set to the value of `None`. If you then try to interact with the results as if they were valid data, you get an attribute error. 

**Solution:**
1. Rerun the cell where the data query is made to see if results are returned. 
2. Try making the time window of the query smaller, as it is possible the query timed out. 

### The results returned are not as expected after running a query.

In this scenario, the returned results set is empty or the expected data is missing. You may have an issue with the query syntax.

**Solution:**
1. If using the MSTICpy QueryProvider’s pre-built queries, print out the query that is being run. To do this, add `print` as the first parameter when calling a query. This will return a string of the query including any parameter substitution.  
	
```
query = qry_prov.Azure.list_all_signins_geo('print', start=start, end=end) 
print(query) 
```
2. Debug the query in place, or copy and paste the query to the Azure Sentinel UI to review the results. 

### 'MsticpyConfigException' errors

Various elements of Azure Sentinel notebooks use external services to collect or enrich data. 
Configuration items such as API keys for these services can be managed via the `msticpyconfig.yaml` file. If a required config item is missing, the notebook will raise an exception.

**Solution:**
* Follow the guidance in the exception and refer to the [MSTICpy documentation](https://msticpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/msticpyconfig.html) on setting up the required configuration items. 

### 'NameError' errors
   
If you restart a kernel part way through a notebook, or if you do not run the cells in order, you may run a cell that references a value that you have not yet set. If this occurs you will get a NameError and a message stating that the variable name is not defined. 

**Solution:**
1. Find the cell where the missing variable is set. You can do this by searching the notebook for ‘x=’ where x is the name of the missing variable. 
2. Run the cell where the variable is set and then try re-running the cell with the issue. 
3. If the problem persists, consider setting a holding value for the variable at the top of the cell where the error occurs. For example, x = None. (Note this may cause further errors) 

### Recommended steps

* If the error or exception raised by a notebook cell is not verbose enough for you to identify the issue, set an extra level of output detail by running ‘%xmode Verbose’ in a cell. 
   You can revert to standard error messages with `%xmode Plain`. 

* Set a debugger in a cell with `%debug`. 

* If a cell is not executing as expected or if you are having issues with installation or inputs, try restarting the notebook kernel and running cells again. 


## **Recommended Documents**

* [Use Jupyter Notebook to hunt for security threats](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/notebooks)
* [Using Jupyter Notebook to analyze and visualize Azure Sentinel Analytics and Hunting Queries](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-sentinel/using-jupyter-notebook-to-analyze-and-visualize-azure-sentinel/ba-p/1770400)
