<properties
  pagetitle="Replication issues in Hyper-V"
  service="microsoft.migrate"
  resource="migrateprojects"
  ms.author="anvar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32755169"
  productpesids="16348"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="63ba412e-8f34-4f47-81be-dd0dcdda0380"
  ownershipid="Compute_AzureMigrate" />
# Replication issues in Hyper-V
## **Recommended Steps**
### Agentless replication of Hyper-V virtual machines

**Failures while attempting to replicate a Hyper-V virtual machine**

If you experience failures in the 'Start replication' operation, verify the following:

- Your Hyper-V hosts and VMs meet all [requirements and prerequisites](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/migrate/migrate-support-matrix-hyper-v#migration-hyper-v-vm-requirements)
- The Hyper-V Virtual Machine Management service is running on Hyper-V hosts
- Look for Hyper-V-VMMS\Admin events in Event viewer on the virtual machine. This log is located in Applications and Services Logs > Microsoft > Windows.
- If the virtual machine you are attempting to replicate is running Windows, ensure that WMI is enabled and accessible on the virtual machine
- [Learn about](https://blogs.technet.microsoft.com/askperf/2007/06/22/basic-wmi-testing/) basic WMI testing
- [Troubleshoot](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/win32/wmisdk/wmi-troubleshooting) WMI
- [Troubleshoot](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/ff406382.aspx#H22) problems with WMI scripts and services
- Ensure that the latest version of Hyper-V Integration Services are running on the virtual machine
- [Check](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/virtualization/hyper-v/manage/manage-hyper-v-integration-services) that you have the latest version of the integration services
- [Keep](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/virtualization/hyper-v/manage/manage-hyper-v-integration-services#keep-integration-services-up-to-date) Integration Services up-to-date

**Replication issues**

Troubleshoot issues with initial and ongoing replication as follows:

- Verify whether replication is paused
- Check the VM health status in the Hyper-V Manager console
- If it's critical, right-click the VM > Replication > View Replication Health
- If replication is paused, click Resume Replication
- Ensure that the following services are running on the Hyper-V host:

    - Virtual Machine Management service
    - Microsoft Azure Recovery Services Agent service
    - Microsoft Azure Site Recovery service
    * WMI Provider Host service

- Check connectivity between the Hyper-V server and Azure. Specifically, check for connectivity to storage from the 'cbengine.exe' process (cbengine.exe is the name of the Windows process running on the Hyper-V server that performs the replication).
- To check connectivity, open Task Manager on the Hyper-V host. On the Performance tab, click Open Resource Monitor. On the Network tab go to "View TCP Connections" and select cbengine.exe by clicking the checkbox next to it. If connectivity exists, you'll see open connections between cbengine.exe and a URL resembling \*.blob.core.windows.net. This method will not work if the Hyper-V host has to go through a proxy server to connect to Azure.

**Replication health of the virtual machine is critical**

To check replication health, open Hyper-V manager on the Hyper-V host. Right click on the VM in the Hyper-V manager console, select 'Replication' and click 'View Replication Health'. If replication is paused, click 'Resume replication'.
