<properties
  pagetitle="Invitation missing"
  service="microsoft.datashare"
  resource="accounts"
  ms.author="jife"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32675626"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16762"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="661f1b44-a63c-4ac6-9ac6-28fd8ce9f2d6"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataShare" />
# Invitation missing

## **Recommended Steps**

In some cases, when a new user clicks Accept Invitation from the email invitation that was sent, they may be presented with an empty list of invitations.

This could be due to the following reasons:

* Azure Data Share service is not registered as a resource provider of any Azure subscription in the Azure tenant. You will experience this issue if there is no Data Share resource in your Azure tenant. When you create an Azure Data Share resource, it automatically registers the resource provider in your Azure subscription. You can also manually register the Data Share service following these steps. You'll need to have the Azure Contributor role to complete these steps.

   1. In the Azure portal, navigate to **Subscriptions**
   1. Select the subscription you want to use to create Azure Data Share resource
   1. Click on **Resource Providers**
   1. Search for **Microsoft.DataShare**
   1. Click **Register**

  You'll need to have the Azure Contributor role to the Azure subscription to complete these steps.

* Invitation is sent to your email alias instead of your Azure login email. If you have registered the Azure Data Share service or have already created a Data Share resource in the Azure tenant, but still cannot see the invitation, it maybe because the provider has entered your email alias as recipient instead of your Azure login email address. Contact your data provider and ensure that they have sent the invitation to your Azure login email address and not your email alias.

* Invitation has already been accepted. The link in the email takes you to the Data Share Invitation page in Azure portal, which only lists pending invitations. If you have already accepted the invitation, it will no longer show up in the Data Share Invitation page. Proceed to your Data Share resource which you used to accept the invitation into to view received shares and configure your target Azure Data Explorer cluster setting.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Troubleshoot common issues in Azure Data Share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-share/data-share-troubleshoot)