<properties
  pagetitle="This is the title of the article. It is not displayed in the portal but is a required part of every article."
  description=""
  service="microsoft.purview"
  resource="accounts"
  ms.author="desarkar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32783215,32783220,32783233,32783249,32783255,32783259"
  productpesids="17354"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="682bda27-1f98-46e1-b3a1-ffb9bd00b69f"
  ownershipid="AzureData_Purview" />
# This is the title of the article. It is not displayed in the portal but is a required part of every article.

Most users are able to resolve issues with accessing Purview Studio by using the steps below..

## **Recommended Steps**

The Owner role on the Purview resource is not sufficient or required to see the Open Purview Studio link. The user must be granted one or more of the pre-defined Purview roles to open and interact with Purview Studio.

This is how Role-based access control works Azure Purview's Data Plane:

**The principal who created a Purview account is automatically given all data plane (including Purview Studio) permissions** 

**Purview Data Reader** Role - Has access to the Purview portal and can read all content in Azure Purview except for scan bindings 
**Purview Data Curator** Role - Has access to the Purview portal and can read all content in Azure Purview except for scan bindings, can edit information about assets, can edit classification definitions and glossary terms, and can apply classifications and glossary terms to assets. 
**Purview Data Source Administrator** Role - Does not have access to the Purview Studio (the user needs to also be in the Data Reader or Data Curator roles) and can manage all aspects of scanning data into Azure Purview but does not have read or write access to content in Azure Purview beyond those related to scanning. 
**Owner** + **Purview Data Curator** Roles - Have access to add External Sources, in addition to other Curator Roles. 
**Owner** + **Purview Data Curator** + **Purview Data Source Administrator** Roles - Can create Data Sources, have access to add External Sources, in addition to other Curator & Data Source Administrator Roles.  

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Catalog Permissions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/purview/catalog-permissions)