<properties
  pagetitle="Enable logging with Azure DDoS Protection Standard&#xD;"
  service="microsoft.network"
  resource="ddosprotectionplans"
  ms.author="yitoh"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32640597"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16355"
  cloudenvironments="fairfax,public,usnat,ussec"
  disableclouds="blackforest,mooncake"
  articleid="6ab9ac52-fab2-4802-9968-b57b00a24273"
  ownershipid="CloudNet_AzureDDoSProtection" />
# Enable logging with Azure DDoS Protection Standard

Azure DDoS Protection Standard monitors public IP addresses assigned to resources within a virtual network. If you don't have any resources with public IP addresses in the virtual network, you must first create one. 

You can monitor the public IP address of all resources deployed through Resource Manager (not classic) listed in [Virtual network for Azure services](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/virtual-network-for-azure-services#services-that-can-be-deployed-into-a-virtual-network) (including Azure Load Balancers where the backend virtual machines are in the virtual network), except for Azure App Service Environments. 

You can monitor the public IP address of all resources deployed through Azure Resource Manager (classic is not supported). This means you can monitor Azure Load Balancers where the backend virtual machines are in the virtual network. This feature does not apply to Azure App Service Environments. 

## **Recommended steps**
If you want to automatically enable diagnostic logging on all public IPs within an environment, use this [script to enable diagnostic logging on all public IPs](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2FAzure-Network-Security%2Fmaster%2FAzure%2520DDoS%2520Protection%2FEnable%2520Diagnostic%2520Logging%2FAzure%2520Policy%2FDDoSLogs.json). 

To manually configure on Azure portal:

1. Select **All services** on the top, left of the portal.
2. Enter _Monitor_ in the **Filter** box. When **Monitor** appears in the results, select it.
3. Under **Settings**, select **Diagnostic Settings**.
4. Select the **Subscription** and **Resource group** that contain the public IP address you want to log.
5. Select **Public IP Address** for Resource type, then select the specific public IP address you want to enable logs for.
6. Select **Add diagnostic setting**. Under **Category Details**, select as many of the following options you require, and then select **Save**.

Additionally, you can connect your logs to Azure Sentinel. For guidance, read [Connect to Azure Sentinel](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/connect-azure-ddos-protection).

## **Recommended documents**
* [View and configure DDoS diagnostic logging](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/ddos-protection/diagnostic-logging)
