<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Sentinel - Incidents and investigation  - Using the investigation graph"
  description=""
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="yaronsahar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32785999"
  productpesids="16690"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="6ba2a700-44db-45cc-93a1-d010b11b307e"
  ownershipid="Azure_Sentinel" />
  
# Azure Sentinel - Incidents and investigation  - Using the investigation graph

Resolve common issues when using the investigation graph by following these steps.

The investigation graph can help you understand the scope and identify the root cause of a potential security threat by correlating relevant data with any involved entity. You can dive deeper and investigate any entity presented in the graph by selecting it and choosing between different expansion options or navigating to the entity page.


## **Recommended Steps**

**Investigation graph is unavailable**
1. You can only investigate the incident if you used the entity mapping fields when you set up your analytics rule. 
   The investigation graph requires that your original incident includes entities. 
	
2. Check if the analytic rule contains the required `entity mapping` configurations and if the fields are correctly mapped to the entities you wish to see. 
   To learn more about entity mapping and entities in Sentinel, [see this document](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/identify-threats-with-entity-behavior-analytics#entities-in-azure-sentinel).

**Investigated entities are being duplicated**<br>
Sometimes, entities coming from alerts do not include proper identification as being same entity. For example, a user is being identified by UPN in one alert, and username and domain name in another alert. 

Sentinel can't identify those two entities as the same one, unless their identifiers are the same or AAD data can help in identifying them as one.
1. Make sure that AAD sync is activated: Go to **Settings** > **Entity behavior analytics**.
2. Check the entity identifier as they appear in the relevant alerts and make sure there is sufficient data to match those entities. An entity is part of an alert, and the parameters of that entity can be found in the log containing the alert.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Investigating incidents](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/tutorial-investigate-cases)
