<properties
  pagetitle="Provide training data by correcting blob container or signature authorization issues."
  service="microsoft.cognitiveservices"
  resource="accounts"
  ms.author="anroth"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32741194,32741215"
  productpesids="17257"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="6e3b2b50-ded8-4bdf-8bb0-c8189e92702e"
  ownershipid="AzureCogSvc_CognitiveServices" />
# Provide training data by correcting blob container or signature authorization issues.

To train a custom model, you must provide training data via a source parameter that is an externally accessible Azure storage blob container Uri (preferably a Shared Access Signature Uri). If you are having trouble connecting your storage blob or accessing your images, try the steps below:



## **Recommended Steps**
1. First, make sure all the training documents are of the same format (ie PDF, PNG). If you have forms in multiple formats, organize them into subfolders based on common format. When you train, you'll need to direct the API to a subfolder.
1. Confirm that [cross-domain resource sharing has been configured](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/form-recognizer/quickstarts/label-tool?tabs=v2-0#configure-cross-domain-resource-sharing-cors) for your storage account in the Azure Portal. 
1. Generate a valid SAS URL for your training data. A SAS URL is the shared access signature (SAS) URL of your Azure Blob Storage container. To retrieve the SAS URL, open the Microsoft Azure Storage Explorer, right-click your container, and select Get shared access signature. Set the expiry time to some time after you'll have used the service. Make sure the **Read**, **Write**, **Delete**, and **List** permissions are checked, and click Create. Then copy the value in the URL section. It should have the form: `https://<storage account>.blob.core.windows.net/<container name>?<SAS value>`.
1. If you are able to connect to your storage blob container, but your documents are still not accessible, check whether your document are within a folder in your blob container. If so, include the Folder Path to your documents as a "prefix" within the request body, or as the "Folder Path" within the Sample Labeling tool UI.