<properties
  pagetitle="This is the title of the article. It is not displayed in the portal but is a required part of every article."
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="desarkar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32783206"
  productpesids="17354"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="6eba82c2-343f-493c-bbb6-97220d2bce54"
  ownershipid="AzurePurview_Purview" />
# Azure Purview predefined roles 

Azure Purview provides a set of predefined Data Plane roles that you can used to control access in Azure Purview.  

These roles are:
* Azure Purview Data Reader - Can read all content in Azure Purview except for scan bindings
* Azure Purview Data Curator - Can read all content in Azure Purview except for scan bindings, can edit information about assets, can edit classification definitions and glossary terms, and can apply classifications and glossary terms to assets.
* Azure Purview Data Source Administrator - Can manage all aspects of scanning data into Azure Purview but does not have read or write access to the data.

When an Azure Purview Account is created, the creator appears to be in the Azure Purview Data Curator and Data Source Administrator roles. However, the account creator is not assigned to these roles in the role store. Azure Purview recognizes that the principal is the creator of the account and extends these capabilities to them based on their identity.
All other users can only use the Azure Purview account if they are placed in at least one of these roles. This means that when an Azure Purview Account is created, only the creator can access the account or use its APIs until they are put in one or more of the predefined roles.




## **Recommended Documents**

* [Catalog Permissions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/purview/catalog-permissions)
