articles/common-solutions/71066bda-6ca1-4098-a06b-b656a9eb3fac.md, before:

<properties
  pagetitle="How can I protect myself from unexpected large data ingestion?"
  service="microsoft.insights"
  resource="components"
  ms.author="dalek"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32729597"
  productpesids="15693"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="71066bda-6ca1-4098-a06b-b656a9eb3fac"
  ownershipid="AzureMonitoring_ApplicationInsights" />
# How can I protect myself from unexpected large data ingestion?

To protect yourself from large unexpected data volumes and costs, you can configure the [daily cap](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/pricing#manage-your-maximum-daily-data-volume) to limit the daily ingestion for your Application Insights resource. Use care with this as your goal should not be to hit the daily limit because when the daily cap is met you lose data for the remainder of the day. As a result, your ability to observe and receive alerts when the health conditions of your application will be impacted. The daily cap is intended to be used as a way to manage the unexpected increase in data volume from your managed resources and stay within your limit, or when you want to limit unplanned charges for your Application Insights resource.</br></br>

The daily cap can also be [set programatically](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/powershell#set-the-daily-cap).</br></br>

To configure a limit on the volume of data that your Application Insights resource will ingest per day, select **Usage and estimated costs** from the left pane in your Application Insights resource. On the **Usage and estimated costs** page, click **Daily Cap** from the top of the page. Click the daily cap **ON** to enable it, and then set the data volume limit in GB/day. Note that security data types are not affected by the daily cap.</br></br>

It is highly recommended to select to send an email to the subscription administrators when the daily cap is met. 

## **Recommended Documents**
* [Setting a daily cap](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/pricing#manage-your-maximum-daily-data-volume)
* [Azure Monitor pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/monitor/)

Commit message:

Adding image to daily cap article

articles/common-solutions/71066bda-6ca1-4098-a06b-b656a9eb3fac.md, after:

<properties
  pagetitle="How can I protect myself from unexpected large data ingestion?"
  service="microsoft.insights"
  resource="components"
  ms.author="dalek"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32729597"
  productpesids="15693"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="71066bda-6ca1-4098-a06b-b656a9eb3fac"
  ownershipid="AzureMonitoring_ApplicationInsights" />

# How can I protect myself from unexpected large data ingestion?

To protect yourself from large unexpected data volumes and costs, you can configure the [daily cap](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/pricing#manage-your-maximum-daily-data-volume) to limit the daily ingestion for your Application Insights resource. Use care with this as your goal should not be to hit the daily limit because when the daily cap is met you lose data for the remainder of the day. As a result, your ability to observe and receive alerts when the health conditions of your application will be impacted. The daily cap is intended to be used as a way to manage the unexpected increase in data volume from your managed resources and stay within your limit, or when you want to limit unplanned charges for your Application Insights resource.

The daily cap can also be [set programmatically](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/powershell#set-the-daily-cap).

To configure a limit on the volume of data that your Application Insights resource will ingest per day, select **Usage and estimated costs** from the left pane in your Application Insights resource. On the **Usage and estimated costs** page, click **Daily Cap** from the top of the page. Click the daily cap **ON** to enable it, and then set the data volume limit in GB/day. Note that security data types are not affected by the daily cap.

![daily cap image](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/media/pricing/pricing-003.png)

It is highly recommended to select to send an email to the subscription administrators when the daily cap is met.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Setting a daily cap](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/app/pricing#manage-your-maximum-daily-data-volume)
* [Azure Monitor pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/monitor/)
