<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Sentinel - Data collection - Connectors based on Logstash output plugin integration"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="yaronsahar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32786002"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16690"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="726ef7b3-5d9e-40b7-b63f-bcf514e6ce53"
  ownershipid="Azure_Sentinel" />
# Azure Sentinel - Data collection - Connectors based on Logstash output plugin integration

Use the following steps to integrate connectors based on the Logstash output plugin.

## **Recommended Steps**

1. Make sure that you have configured the Logstash input plugin. 
   * Validate that Logstash is running successfully by using the `service logstash status`.
   * Check the Logstash log file `/var/log/logstash/logstash-plain.log` for errors or warnings regarding Logstash activity.

2. Make sure that your Microsoft Azure Sentinel Logstash output plugin version is between 7.0 and 7.9. Find the version by running the following command:      
    `/usr/share/logstash/bin/logstash --version`

3. Validate that you are using the Microsoft Azure Sentinel Logstash output plugin by running the command:<br>
    `/usr/share/logstash/bin/logstash-plugin list | grep microsoft-logstash-output-azure-loganalytics`

4. There are some constraints around the data posted to the Azure Monitor Data collection API:

    * Maximum of 30 MB per single post to Azure Monitor Data Collector API. <br>
       If the data from a single post exceeds 30 MB, split up the data to smaller sized chunks, and send them concurrently.
    * Maximum of 32 KB limit for field values. If the field value is greater than 32 KB, the data will be truncated.
    * Recommended maximum number of fields for a given type is 50. This is a practical limit from a usability and search experience perspective.
    * A table in a Log Analytics workspace supports up to 500 columns (referred to as a field in this article).
    * The maximum number of characters for the column name is 500.


## **Recommended Documents**

* [Sentinel output plugin GitHub page](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-Sentinel/tree/master/DataConnectors/microsoft-logstash-output-azure-loganalytics)
* [Microsoft-Logstash-output-azure-loganalytics](https://rubygems.org/gems/microsoft-logstash-output-azure-loganalytics)
* [Send log data to Azure Monitor with the HTTP Data Collector API](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/data-collector-api)
