<properties
  pagetitle="Kubernetes Cluster"
  service="microsoft.databoxedge"
  resource="databoxedgedevices"
  ms.author="hadhand"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32780673"
  productpesids="16597"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="74917cb9-f512-4061-b39a-6c8e1b3daf5d"
  ownershipid="StorageMediaEdge_AzureStack_Edge" />
# Kubernetes Cluster

On your Azure Stack Edge device, a Kubernetes cluster is created when you configure compute role. After the Kubernetes cluster is created, you can deploy containerized applications on the Kubernetes cluster in pods. There are distinct ways to deploy workloads in your Kubernetes cluster.

## **Recommended Steps**

1.	Local deployment: This deployment is through the command-line access tool, `kubectl`, that enables you to deploy Kubernetes `yaml` files. You access the Kubernetes cluster on your Azure Stack Edge via a `kubeconfig` file.
2.	IoT Edge deployment: This is through IoT Edge, which connects to the Azure IoT Hub. You connect to the Kubernetes cluster on your Azure Stack Edge device through the `iotedge` namespace. The IoT Edge agents deployed in this namespace are responsible for connectivity to Azure. You apply the IoT Edge `deployment.json` configuration using Azure DevOps CI/CD. Namespace and IoT Edge management is done through the cloud operator.
3.	Azure/Arc deployment: Azure Arc is a hybrid management tool that enables you to deploy applications on your Kubernetes clusters. You connect the Kubernetes cluster on your Azure Stack Edge device through the `azure-arc` namespace.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Kubernetes Workload management](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-gpu-kubernetes-workload-management)
* [Kubernetes management through ARC](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-gpu-create-kubernetes-cluster)
