<properties
  pagetitle="Function App Down or Reporting Errors"
  description=""
  service="microsoft.web"
  resource="sites"
  ms.author="shrahman"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32630466"
  productpesids="16072"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="83afe111-b6b2-4b17-970b-b6fa2c99bbfa"
  ownershipid="Compute_AppService" />
# Function App Down or Reporting Errors

## **Recommended Steps**

**Few things you can check if your function application is not available at all:**

1. Is your Host App running from Azure Functions homepage?

    If you haven’t disabled the [Azure Functions homepage](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-app-settings#azurewebjobsdisablehomepage), then browsing via site homepage should show you a page if the Functions Host is running.

2. Are you targeting the right Azure Functions Runtime version?

    Check the Azure Functions Runtime version to see if you are targeting the right version for your application. Check [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-versions#changing-version-of-apps-in-azure) for more details.

3. Have you checked Kudu(SCM) Web Site errors?

    Check on the Kudu(SCM) Web Site to see if there are any errors in the Event Log at D:\Logfiles\Eventlog,xml. This file may contain important information about why the App is not starting.

4. Is your storage account settings configured correctly?

    If your Azure Function app is running on the Consumption plan please check the [Storage account settings documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-recover-storage-account#storage-account-application-settings-deleted).

5. Did you check the Application Insights errors?

    Please check if you have [Application Insights](https://docs.microsoft.comazure/azure-functions/functions-monitoring) enabled and check the logs there for any errors. 

6. To get more debug information

    As a temporary measure you can set fileLoggingMode to always to get more debug information. The settings are in the Host.json and the documentation for each runtime version is in the table below. These logs are available at D:\home\LogFiles\Application\Functions in the Kudu(SCM) Web Site and there is a Host folder and a Functions folder.

    Function Versions	
    Functions 1.x	[V1 Logging](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-host-json-v1#tracing)
    Functions 2.x	[V2 Logging](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-host-json#logging)

    Please note that Microsoft does not recommend having fileLoggingMode set to always for Production and would recommend using the default of debugOnly.

**Did your app hit these errors?**

1. "Functions runtime is unreachable"
    For the “Functions runtime is unreachable” error, please visit this [troubleshooting steps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-recover-storage-account).

2. HTTP errors on a HTTP Triggered Function

    If you are receiving any HTTP errors on a HTTP Triggered Function then please be aware of these issues.

    - 502 errors: The HTTP Trigger limits described [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-http-webhook#trigger---limits) may result in 502 errors being logged if you hit these limits.
    - 429 errors: HTTP Throttling can be enabled for version 1 of the Functions Runtime and is the default for version 2 of the Functions Runtime. This may be the cause of 429 errors. [Here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-functions/functions-bindings-http-webhook#trigger---hostjson-properties) is more information on how you can configure this.