<properties
  pagetitle="Visual Studio subscription not recognized&#xD;"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="pazand,cathmill"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32572371"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15543"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="86519d23-0d18-45ed-82cb-2e88f71750b0"
  ownershipid="Azure_DevOps_Services" />
# Visual Studio subscription not recognized

## **Recommended Steps**

*	Assigning users the Visual Studio subscriber access level doesn’t actually purchase a subscription for them. [Visual Studio subscriptions are purchased and assigned in separate portals](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/pricing/), outside of Azure DevOps Services.
*	Users assigned the Visual Studio subscriber access level should log into My.visualstudio.com/Subscriptions and confirm their subscription is there (NOTE: Dev Essentials doesn’t count; that doesn’t include any Azure DevOps benefits)
*	[Ensure the Visual Studio subscription includes Azure DevOps as a benefit](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/subscriptions/vs-azure-devops#eligibility). Not all of them do. For example, only the Enterprise-level subs from MPN (the Microsoft Partner Network) include it. The Professional-level MPN subscriptions do not.
*	The user being assigned the Visual Studio subscriber access level needs to log into Azure DevOps Services. We only check a user’s Visual Studio subscriptions when the user themselves log in (we don’t check when admins change Access Level).
*	Ensure the UPN (User@Contoso.com) inside Azure DevOps exactly matches one of those set in the Visual Studio subscriptions portal: either [the primary UPN or the Alternate Account (if set)](https://docs.microsoft.com/visualstudio/subscriptions/vs-alternate-identity)
*	Users with the Visual Studio subscriber access level whose subscription is not recognized will have Stakeholder-level access inside Azure DevOps until that problem is resolved (no access to Azure Repos, etc.). This is expected behavior.
 
## **Recommended Documents**

* Learn more about [Visual Studio Subscriptions in Azure DevOps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/security/access-levels?view=azure-devops#visual-studio-subscription-access)
* For service impacting issues, check [Azure DevOps Services Status](https://status.dev.azure.com)
* For quick answers to common questions and issues, try the [Azure DevOps Virtual Agent](https://azuredevopsvirtualagent.azurewebsites.net/)