<properties
  pagetitle="Issues with containerizing and migrating ASP.NET applications to AKS"
  description=""
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="rahugup"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32788147"
  productpesids="16348"
  cloudenvironments="public"
  disableclouds="blackforest,fairfax,mooncake,usnat,ussec"
  articleid="8816bad5-08e2-4e70-8a59-27a40285be73"
  ownershipid="Compute_AzureMigrate" />
# Issues with containerizing and migrating ASP.NET applications to AKS

## **Recommended Documents**

1. [Learn how to containerize your ASP.NET application and migrate to Azure Kubernetes Service](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2154365)
2. [Learn how to containerize your Java web application and migrate to Azure Kubernetes Service](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2154478)
3. [Download the Azure Migrate: App Containerization tool](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2156858)

## **Recommended Steps**

**What application types can I migrate?**

App Containerization tool currently supports the following application configurations: 

*ASP.NET  applications* 
• ASP.NET  applications using Microsoft .NET framework 3.5 or later. 
• Application Servers running Windows Server 2008 R2 or later (Application Servers should be running PowerShell version 5.1). 
• IIS 7.5 and later.
• Doesn’t currently support applications requiring Windows authentication (AKS doesn’t support GMSA currently)
• Doesn’t work for applications that depend on other Windows services hosted outside IIS. 


*Java applications* 
• Application servers on Ubuntu Linux 16.04/18.04/20.04, Debian 7/8, CentOS 6/7, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5/6/7. 
• Applications running on Tomcat 8 or later. 
• Applications using Java version 7 or later.

 
**Does the App Containerization tool need a dedicated machine to run?** 
You'll need a Windows machine to install and run the Azure Migrate: App Containerization tool. The Windows machine could be a server (Windows Server 2016 or later) or client (Windows 10) operating system, meaning that the tool can run on your desktop or laptop as well.

The Windows machine running the tool should have network connectivity to the servers/virtual machines hosting the ASP.NET  applications to be containerized.

Ensure that 6 GB space is available on the Windows machine running the Azure Migrate: App Containerization tool for storing application artifacts.

The Windows machine should have internet access, directly or via a proxy.

**Is administrator access required on the application server where discovery needs to run?**

Yes, App Containerization tool requires administrator account to run discovery. The credentials provided must be for a local administrator (Windows) on the application server. For domain accounts (the user must be an administrator on the application server), prefix the username with the domain name in the format <domain\username>.

**How many applications can I discover simultaneously?**
There are no application limits. You can run discovery on upto 5 servers at a time.

**Can I package multiple applications into a single container?** 
The Azure Migrate: App Containerization tool supports one application per container. 


**Are the application secrets stored in Key Vault?**
The Azure Migrate: App Containerization tool uses Kubernetes secrets for managing secrets. 

**Does the App Containerization tool take care of ingress?**
The Azure Migrate: App Containerization tool helps you configure and deploy a load balancer to keep your application private or accessible over a public endpoint. 

**Can I use the tool for other application types?**
The tool currently supports ASP.NET and Java web apps on Apache Tomcat.