<properties
  pagetitle="Managing my credentials (PAT, SSH, OAuth)"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="rajr"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32452996"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15543"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="8cc96b09-c98b-4fc1-b4e3-f5e8d1fca11b"
  ownershipid="Azure_DevOps_Services" />
# Managing my credentials (PAT, SSH, OAuth)

Most users are able to resolve their issues with respect to managing their credentials (PAT, SSH, OAuth) using the steps below.

## **Recommended Steps**
* Before you create a support request, please check if there is an outage going on at [Azure DevOps Services Status](https://status.dev.azure.com)
* Want a quicker answer? For quick answers to common questions and issues, try the [Azure DevOps Virtual Agent](https://azuredevopsvirtualagent.azurewebsites.net/)

### **Using Personal Access Tokens (PAT)**
* **How do I resolve permission errors when using a personal access token (PAT)?**
The most common reason for PAT related permissions errors are caused by the token not having the right scope. Check the scope of your PAT to ensure it includes the desired scope.

* **My personal access token (PAT) has the right scope but I still get permission errors! What should I do here?**
Check if the user, for whom the personal access token is created has the right permissions. PAT permissions are limited to that of the underlying user.

* **How do I reset or regenerate an expired personal access token (PAT)?**
Sign into the organization as the user for whom the PAT is issued, find the personal access token settings from  user settings, select the desired token and regenerate.

* **How do I limit using PAT to specific IP addresses?**
You can limit access to specific IP addresses by creating an IP fencing conditional access policy in Azure AD, enable the organization policy 'Enable Azure Active Directory Condition Access Policy Validation' and ensure you are using IpV4 address. Conditional access policy support for IpV6 is not available yet.

* **Azure DevOps is rejecting my PAT token though my PAT token is valid and active.**
Check if you have recently changed your account password in Azure AD. If you have changed your password, existing personal access tokens will not work till you sign into Azure DevOps organization using the new password at least once.

* **What should I do if I see the error "A valid personal access token is not configured.."? **
The personal access token in most likely expired. Extend and regenerate the token or create a new personal access token.

* **My existing personal access tokens stopped working after multi-factor authentication was enabled on my account! **
Sign out and sign in back into the desired Azure DevOps organization through the web flows going through multi-factor authentication. Your personal access tokens will start working after that.

* **Can I see expired personal access tokens for my account?**
Yes. You can find this when you select expired tokens in the filter under user settings > personal access tokens.

* **My personal access token expired before the expiry date. What could be the reason for that?**
The most likely reason is that your organization administrator may have revoked the tokens as part of a security measure. Check with your administrator if that is the case.

* To understand how to create a personal access token (PAT), please check the documentation [here.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page)

* To learn more about conditional access policy support in Azure DevOps, please check our documentation [here.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/change-application-access-policies?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page)

### **Using OAuth **
* To learn more about how to authorize access to REST APIs using OAuth 2.0, please check our documentation [here.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/integrate/get-started/authentication/oauth?view=azure-devops)

* **How do I change the scope of an app I registered with Azure DevOps?**
Sorry. You can't change the scope of an app once it is registered. The recommendation here is to register a new app with the desired scope and delete the old one.

* ** I am getting 400 Bad request error when using OAuth API.**
Check if you are including the complete string for the client app secret key in the request header.

### **Using SSH **
* **I am unable to use SSH authentication for my organization! Why? **
See if your organization administrator has enabled the policy that allows using SSH authentication. You can find this in the policy tab under organization settings.

* To learn more about how to use SSH authentication in Azure DevOps, please check our documentation [here.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/repos/git/use-ssh-keys-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops)

* **How do I test if the SSH key I added is working? **
You can test the connection by running the following command: ssh -T git@ssh.dev.azure.com. If everything is working correctly, you'll receive a response which says: remote: Shell access is not supported.

* Refer our frequently asked questions and troubleshooting on SSH [here.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/repos/git/use-ssh-keys-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops#questions-and-troubleshooting)