<properties
  pagetitle="Continuous Export&#xD;"
  description="Continuous Export"
  ms.author="kawilson,elsagie"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32788552"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15947"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="8ea049ef-e1eb-4b00-bc32-291f2ed91fa9"
  ownershipid="Azure_Security_Security_Center" />
# Continuous Export

Most users are able to resolve their issues with continuous export by using the steps below.

## **Recommended Steps**

**What are the costs involved in using continuous export?**  

There is no cost for enabling a continuous export. Costs might be incurred for ingestion and retention of data in your Log Analytics workspace or Event Hub, depending on your configuration there.  

- Learn more about [Log Analytics workspace pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/monitor/)  
- Learn more about [Azure Event Hub pricing](https://azure.microsoft.com/pricing/details/event-hubs/)

**I'd like to enable continuous export to my Management Group.**  

To enable export on the Management Group level, use the relevant built-in DeployIfNotExist policies (you can customize these templates to your needs):  

- [Deploy export to Event Hub for Azure Security Center alerts and recommendations](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Policy/PolicyDetailBlade/definitionId/%2fproviders%2fMicrosoft.Authorization%2fpolicyDefinitions%2fcdfcce10-4578-4ecd-9703-530938e4abcb)  
- [Deploy export to Log Analytics workspace for Azure Security Center alerts and recommendations](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Policy/PolicyDetailBlade/definitionId/%2fproviders%2fMicrosoft.Authorization%2fpolicyDefinitions%2fffb6f416-7bd2-4488-8828-56585fef2be9)  

**I don't see in Event Hub/Log Analytics workspace all the recommendations I see in the Portal**  

Data is exported from ASC in live streaming. A recommendation will be exported if it turns from healthy to unhealthy. Therefore, recommendations on resources will get exported only when the resource is updated, or when a new resource is created.

**Does the export include data on the current state of all resources?**

No. Continuous export is built for streaming of events. Therefore, alerts received before the export is enabled will not get exported. Recommendations are sent whenever a resource's compliance state changes (for example, the resource changes from healthy to unhealthy). Therefore, recommendations on resources that did not update after enabling export will not be exported.  

**Why are recommendations sent at different intervals?**  

Different recommendations have different compliance evaluation intervals, which can vary from a few minutes to every few days (vulnerability assessment, for example). Therefore, following resource compliance change, different recommendations can take different amounts of time to appear in the export target. The recommendation will be exported in real time when a change in assessment occurs.  

**Is continuous export available to free tier subscriptions?**  

Yes. Note that free tier subscriptions receive detection for only a subset of Azure Defender security alerts. When enabling export for alerts in free tier, the alerts that will get exported are the same ones that will be available in Portal.  

**What is the recommended BCDR (Business continuity and disaster recovery) solution for Event Hubs?**

See [Azure Event Hubs BCDR guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/event-hubs/event-hubs-geo-dr).

**I cannot remove or change the export configuration.**

Check that you have the relevant permissions to delete or disable a configuration. See Availability in [Export security alerts and recommendations](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/continuous-export#availability).  

**What permission do I need to enable/disable continuous export?**

See [Permissions in Azure Security Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-permissions).

**Is continuous export available in US Gov/China Gov?**  

See Availability in [Export security alerts and recommendations](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/continuous-export#availability).   

**Certain data was not exported.**

Possible solutions:  
- Check that the alert or recommendation that was not exported was created at least 30 minutes after you configured continuous export for the first time
- Check in the Portal/Azure Resource Graph/API/Activity Log, that you see the alert or recommendation that was not exported. If it is not shown there, it cannot be exported.
- Check that you still have the relevant permission to export data. You can view the relevant permissions in [Permissions in Azure Security Center](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-permissions).
- Check in the export configuration that the trigger rule set was defined according to the information you expect to receive (for example, if you expected to export all alerts, but the export trigger is defined only on High severity alerts)

**What is the export schema for recommendations or alerts?**
  
In exports to Event Hubs, the data is exported according to the API schemas. See [Alerts API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/securitycenter/alerts) and [Assessments API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/securitycenter/assessments).
In exports to Log Analytics workspace, the data is exported to tables. See [alerts schema](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/alerts-schemas?tabs=schema-continuousexport) and [recommendations schema](https://github.com/Azure/Azure-Security-Center/tree/master/Powershell%20scripts/Workflow%20automation%20and%20export%20data%20types%20schemas).

## **Recommended Documents**

- [Export security alerts and recommendations](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/continuous-export)
- [Security Center REST API](https://docs.microsoft.com/rest/api/securitycenter/)