<properties
  pagetitle="Dataset - Azure storage"
  service="microsoft.datashare"
  resource="accounts"
  ms.author="jife"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32748884"
  productpesids="16762"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="921ff61b-08c4-4001-9a19-fdb86b55260e"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataShare" />
# Dataset - Azure storage

## **Recommended Steps**

### **Cannot add dataset**

If you cannot add dataset, try resolve the issue following these steps:

   1. Make sure you have permission to write to the storage account, which is present in *Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/write*. This permission exists in the **Contributor** role.
   1. If this is the first time you are sharing data from this storage account through this Azure Data Share resource, make sure you have permission to add role assignment to the storage account, which is present in *Microsoft.Authorization/roleassignments/write*. This permission exists in the **Owner** role. Azure Data Share uses this permission to grant Data Share resource's managed identity read permission to your storage account. 
   1. Make sure [Azure Data Share resource provider is registered](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-share/concepts-roles-permissions#resource-provider-registration) in the Azure subscription where your storage account is located at. 

### **Cannot map dataset to target**

If you cannot map dataset to target, try to resolve the issue following these steps:

   1. Make sure you have permission to write to the storage account, which is present in *Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/write*. This permission exists in the **Contributor** role.
   1. If this is the first time you are receiving data into this storage account through this Azure Data Share resource, make sure you have permission to add role assignment to the storage account, which is present in *Microsoft.Authorization/roleassignments/write*. This permission exists in the **Owner** role. Azure Data Share uses this permission to grant Data Share resource's managed identity write permission to your storage account.  
   1. Make sure [Azure Data Share resource provider is registered](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-share/concepts-roles-permissions#resource-provider-registration) in the Azure subscription where your storage account is located at. 

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Share and receive data from Azure Blob Storage and Azure Data Lake Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-share/how-to-share-from-storage)
* [Roles and requirements for Azure Data Share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-share/concepts-roles-permissions)
* [Troubleshooting common issues with Azure Data Share](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-share/data-share-troubleshoot)