<properties
  pagetitle="Connection to Availability Group, FCI or Listener"
  service="microsoft.sqlvirtualmachine"
  resource="sqlvirtualmachines"
  ms.author="ujpat"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32782254"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="14745,16342"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="9c4a0eac-e594-454c-9c66-8136a48c8067"
  ownershipid="AzureData_AzureSQLVM" />
# Connection to Availability Group, FCI or Listener

Most users can resolve their SQL Listener Connectivity issues using the following steps.

## **Recommended Steps**

- **Most Listener connectivity or Load Balancer issues can be resolved with the following steps**

  * On Azure virtual machines, a SQL Server Availability Group requires a Load Balancer to be configured correctly, or Listener connectivity may fail. Check the [Load balancer Configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/availability-group-manually-configure-tutorial#create-an-azure-load-balancer). Make sure **Floating IP** is enabled when you configure the Load Balancing rule.

  * Figure out the **Variables** by using the following chart and ensure that you have [Run the PowerShell](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/sql/virtual-machines-windows-portal-sql-availability-group-tutorial#configure-listener).
       
     
   * **Cluster Network Name:** In Failover Cluster Manager > Networks, right-click the network and select **Properties**. The correct value is under **Name** on the General tab.
   * **SQL Server FCI/AG listener IP Address Resource Name:** In Failover Cluster Manager > Roles, under the SQL Server FCI role, under Server Name, right-click the **IP address resource** and select **Properties**. The correct value is under Name on the General tab. 
   * **ILBIP:** You can find ILBIP in the Failover Cluster Manager on the same properties page where you located the SQL Server FCI/AG listener IP Address Resource Name.
   * **nnnnn:** The probe port that you configured in the load balancer's health probe (such as 59999). Any unused TCP port is valid.
 
   **Note:** After you run the PowerShell to configure the cluster parameters, restart the AG role.

 **To avoid issues with Listener Connectivity**

   *  Check the SQL Instance Port (for example, 1433), Mirroring Endpoint(example 5022), and Probe Port(example 59999). You can [telnet](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/telnet) to the Port or use [Test-NetConnection](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/nettcpip/test-netconnection?view=win10-ps#example-3--test-tcp-connectivity-and-display-detailed-results) to check that the ports are not blocked at **NSG or Windows Firewall**. 

   * Make sure SQL instance is running on **[Static Port](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/database-engine/configure-windows/configure-a-server-to-listen-on-a-specific-tcp-port?view=sql-server-ver15)**.

   * If you have configured listener on any port other than 1433, you must use the port number in the Client connection string (for example: ListenerName, Port)

   * Make sure your instance is enabled for TCP/IP communication and has the [Listen All](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/tools/configuration-manager/tcp-ip-properties-ip-addresses-tab?view=sql-server-ver15#options) property set. Make sure the browser service is running. 

   * If you are connecting outside from a different network or on-premises, make sure that your company firewall is not blocking these connections. Check with your **Network Admin**.

   * If you are not able to connect to Listener, try to connect using SSMS WITH various combinations such as (Listener name, Port) or (Listener IP, Port) to make sure you are not having and DNS name resolution issues. Check on DNS Server. The record for the Listener still exists and is pointing to the correct IP Address.

   * You may see issues connecting to Listener if your AG failed over, or due to [Lease Timeout](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/database-engine/availability-groups/windows/availability-group-lease-healthcheck-timeout?view=sql-server-ver15#updating-cluster-and-always-on-timeout-values), or if you are having issues with [SQL Performance](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/performance-guidelines-best-practices), or [Disk or VM Throttling](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/windows/disk-performance-windows). Check the SQL error log to find out more.
  
   * If Create Listener fails with Message 19471, "The WSFC cluster could not bring the Network Name resource online," review [this document](https://docs.microsoft.com/archive/blogs/alwaysonpro/create-listener-fails-with-message-the-wsfc-cluster-could-not-bring-the-network-name-resource-online).

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Configure Load Balancer and Listener Correctly](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/availability-group-manually-configure-tutorial#create-an-azure-load-balancer)
* [Configure load balancer for AG VNN listener](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/availability-group-vnn-azure-load-balancer-configure)
