<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Sentinel - Automation and Playbooks - Playbooks not triggering as expected&#xD;"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="yaronsahar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32785995"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16690"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="9e3c76a3-a7ba-4e5b-baf6-006bd8cf048b"
  ownershipid="Azure_Sentinel" />
# Azure Sentinel - Automation and Playbooks - Playbooks not triggering as expected

Azure Sentinel has two Logic Apps triggers. These triggers occur during **Alert** creation and **Incident** creation. 
Use the following steps to troubleshoot when playbooks don't trigger as expected.

## **Recommended Steps**

### **Trigger on Azure Sentinel Alert creation**

**Have you attached this playbook to an Analytic rule?**
1. Go to Analytics and find the analytic rule that triggers this playbook. In the **Automated response** tab, select the playbook to run when this rule generates an alert.
2. If it is selected, but not running, try to re-attach the playbook to the rule: In the **Automated response** blade, deselect the playbook, save the analytic rule, select the playbook again, and save the analytic rule.<br>

   **Note:** Only Scheduled query rules allow setting automated response for alert creation. For other rules, such as Microsoft providers, use incident trigger and Automation rules.

**The playbook runs, but logic doesnt happen as expected.**
- Make sure the logic actually didn't run: On the playbook main page (Logic Apps resource blade), select the **Refresh** button to check the run history and see if there's a recent run. It's possible that the playbook was run, but due to a logic failure, you didn’t get the expected results.


### Trigger on Azure Sentinel Incident creation<br>

This feature is in Private preview.
	
**Have you attached this playbook to an Automation rule?**
- In the Azure Sentinel menu, select **Automation**, and create or edit the automation rule that triggers this playbook
- Attach the playbook to this rule

**The playbook may have run, but the logic didn't behave as expected.**
-  On the playbook main page (Logic Apps resource blade), select the **Refresh** button to see if there was a recent run in the run history. The playbook may have run, but due to a logic failure, you didn’t get the expected results.

**Were all the conditions held?**
- The playbook might not have been triggered due to a failure of holding the selected conditions. Try removing conditions to see which condition isn't properly set.

**Are there any automation rules with a lower order than this one?**
- Earlier automation rules may have influenced the incident before it arrived to this automation rule, causing one or more of the conditions not to be held.<br> 
   **Note:** Due to time delays, playbooks have a two-minute delay between executions.


## **Recommended Documents**

* [Azure Sentinel Playbooks](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/tutorial-respond-threats-playbook)
* [Azure Sentinel triggers (Azure Sentinel connector documentation)](https://docs.microsoft.com/connectors/azuresentinel/#triggers)
