<properties
  pagetitle="Azure pipelines issues related to self-hosted agents"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="macoope,vimalt,cathmill"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32742328"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15543"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="a766a512-1b71-4796-b5fe-b216ff2d7b26"
  ownershipid="Azure_DevOps_Services" />
# Azure pipelines issues related to self-hosted agents

This article addresses issues setting up or using self-hosted agents and deployment group agents in Azure pipelines. If you're having trouble with Microsoft-hosted agents, try the Microsoft-hosted agents category.

Complete the following steps before creating a support ticket. If you need to create a ticket after completing the diagnostic steps, provide information about the path you took and results of the steps you ran to expedite the resolution of your problem.

## **Recommended Steps**

* I am attempting to connect an agent to Azure DevOps, and it's not working:

  - Make sure the machine's firewall settings allow outbound connections. Azure pipelines agents make an [HTTP connection to Azure DevOps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents?#communication).
  - If you require a proxy, ensure it's configured properly. Also make sure the [agent is configured with the proxy details](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/proxy).
  - For both the firewall and the proxy, ensure that [all required hostnames are allowed](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/v2-windows#im-running-a-firewall-and-my-code-is-in-azure-repos-what-urls-does-the-agent-need-to-communicate-with). Note that the documentation links to the Windows agent topic, but the same permissions are required for a macOS or Linux agent.
  - Make sure that you have [appropriate permissions to configure an agent](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/v2-windows#permissions) on Azure DevOps. Note that the documentation links to the Windows agent topic, but the same permissions are required for a macOS or Linux agent.

* I am attempting to update an agent, and it's not working:

  - If you use a proxy or firewall, confirm that connections to [all required hostnames are allowed](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/v2-windows#im-running-a-firewall-and-my-code-is-in-azure-repos-what-urls-does-the-agent-need-to-communicate-with). Note that the documentation links to the Windows agent topic, but the same permissions are required for a macOS or Linux agent.

* My agent is connected, but is never selected to run any jobs:

  - Ensure that your agent advertises all [capabilities](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/agents/agents#capabilities) required by your jobs
  - When you install new software on your agent host, you'll need to restart the agent to pick up new capabilities advertised as environment variables
	
## **Recommended Documents**

* For service impacting issues, see [Azure DevOps Services Status](https://status.dev.azure.com)
* Want a quicker answer? For quick answers to common questions and issues, try the [Azure DevOps Virtual Agent](https://azuredevopsvirtualagent.azurewebsites.net/)
