<properties
  pagetitle="Sign-in account selection"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="rajr,cathmill"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32572370"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15543"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="aae30144-3bca-412c-b366-cb6179c4b34b"
  ownershipid="Azure_DevOps_Services" />
# Sign-in account selection

Most users are able to resolve their issues with respect to sign-in using the following steps.

## **Recommended Steps**

As a first step in resolving any connectivity issues with Azure DevOps, complete the following steps: 

1. [Sign out from Azure DevOps completely](https://app.vssps.visualstudio.com/_signout). This will sign out all active sessions from the browser.
1. Delete the cookies in your browser. To delete cookies in most browsers, press **Ctrl+Shift+Del**.
1. Open Internet Explorer and delete the browser cookies. The Visual Studio IDE uses Internet Explorer cookies. 
1. Close all browsers and close the Visual Studio IDE (If you are using it). If the issue is with the Visual Studio IDE, remove the connection and re-add it.
1. Open a browser in in-private/incognito mode
1. [Log in](https://app.vssps.visualstudio.com/profile/view) with your credentials
   - If you signed in with your **personal account (Microsoft account)**, **Microsoft account** appears in the drop-down menu on the left 
   - If you signed in with your **work account**, the Azure AD tenant you signed into appears in the drop-down menu on the left 
   A list of Azure DevOps organizations that this account has access to will also appear. Follow the link to your desired organization.  
   
Before you create a support request, check if an outage occurred at [Azure DevOps Services Status](https://status.dev.azure.com)
   
### **Common issues and solutions**

**I am unable to access the desired Azure DevOps organization with my personal account. Why?** 

The most plausible reasons are:

  1. You may not have access to that organization. If that is the case, reach out to the organization owner to get access. 
  2. The organization you are trying to access is connected to Azure AD tenant and only accepts work accounts. If that is the case, follow the preceding steps to sign out and sign back in with your work account. 

**I am unable to access the desired Azure DevOps organization with my work account. Why?** 
The most plausible reasons are:

  1. You may not have access to that organization. If that is the case, reach out to the organization owner to get access. 
  2. The organization you are trying to access only accepts personal accounts (Microsoft account). If that is the case, follow the preceding steps to sign out and sign back in with your work account. 

**Do you have two accounts (work and personal) with the same address (e.g. jdoe@contoso.com for personal and jdoe@contoso.com for work) and are unable to access an organization using this address?** 

* Make sure that you have [signed in to the correct account](https://app.vssps.visualstudio.com/profile/view) (work or personal) 
  * If **Microsoft account** appears in the left side drop-down menu, you have signed in with your personal account. To switch accounts, follow the steps above to sign out completely and select the work account to sign-in back.
  * If your Azure AD tenant name (e.g. contoso) appears in the left side drop-down menu, you have signed in with your work account. To switch accounts, follow the steps above to sign out completely and select the personal account to sign-in back.
  
Want a quicker answer? For quick answers to common questions and issues, try the [Azure DevOps Virtual Agent](https://azuredevopsvirtualagent.azurewebsites.net/)

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Troubleshooting connectivity and signing in](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/user-guide/troubleshoot-connection?view=azure-devops)
