<properties
  pagetitle="File Sync to Azure "
  service="microsoft.databoxedge"
  resource="databoxedgedevices"
  ms.author="hadhand"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32745994"
  productpesids="16597"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="ac2df0be-37f3-4072-8638-e213264eeea2"
  ownershipid="StorageMediaEdge_AzureStack_Edge" />
# File Sync to Azure 

If there are any files or directories that exceed the Azure Storage service limits, or do not conform to Azure Files/Blob naming conventions, then these files or directories are not ingested into the Azure Storage via the Azure Stack Edge / Data Box Gateway service.

## **Recommended Steps**

1. More than one device should not write to the same container
2. If you have an existing Azure object (such as a blob or a file) in the cloud with the same name as the object that is being copied, the device will overwrite the file in the cloud
3. An empty directory hierarchy (without any files) created under share folders is not uploaded to the blob containers
4. You can copy the data using drag and drop with File Explorer or via command line. If the aggregate size of files being copied is greater than 10 GB, we recommend you use a bulk copy program such as Robocopy or rsync. The bulk copy tools retry the copy operation for intermittent errors and provide additional resiliency.
5. If the share associated with the Azure storage container uploads blobs that do not match the type of blobs defined for the share at the time of creation, then these blobs are not updated. For example, you create a block blob share on the device. Associate the share with an existing cloud container that has page blobs. Refresh that share to download the files. Modify some of the refreshed files that are already stored as page blobs in the cloud. You will see upload failures.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Use the Azure portal to manage Edge storage accounts on your Azure Stack Edge Pro](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-j-series-manage-storage-accounts)
