<properties
  pagetitle="Edge Compute Modules.&#xD;"
  service="microsoft.databoxedge"
  resource="databoxedgedevices"
  ms.author="hadhand"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32782324"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16597,17132,17133"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="b073b261-c7ce-4b56-b52a-b28d6e50a765"
  ownershipid="StorageMediaEdge_AzureStack_Edge" />
# Edge Compute Modules

Use the **Compute** page in the local web UI to assign IPs to each IoT Edge module or services running on your device that you want to access from the external network. After the IPs are assigned and you've deployed the module or app, there are multiple ways to figure out the IP assigned to each module, which you can use to access the module on the external network. 

Get the external IP address assigned to IoT Edge modules or services running on Azure Stack Edge Pro device.

## **Recommended Steps**

Assign IPs to each IoT Edge module using the following methods:
1.	**`iotedge` commands**: Connect to the PowerShell interface of the device. Then, use the iotedge list command to view all of the IoT Edge modules or services running on your device. The sample output will also indicate which IP is assigned to each module, and where it can be accessed from the external network. 
2. **Kubernetes dashboard**: In the dashboard, filter all the services running in the `iotedge` namespace on your Azure Stack Edge Pro device to see their corresponding external IPs. 
3. **`kubectl` commands**: Get the external IP address of a service running in the `iot edge` namespace:

   ```
   .\kubectl.exe get svc -n iotedge
   ```

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Use `iotedge` commands to troubleshoot or monitor your Azure Stack Edge Pro device]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-gpu-connect-powershell-interface#use-iotedge-commands)

* [Use Kubernetes dashboard to get the external IP address for services or modules running on your Azure Stack Edge Pro device]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-gpu-monitor-kubernetes-dashboard#get-ip-address-for-services-or-modules)

* [Module from NVIDIA gallery]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-j-series-configure-gpu-modules)

* [Module from Marketplace]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-gpu-deploy-sample-module-marketplace)

**Note:** A GPU can be mapped to only one module. However, a module can use one, both, or no GPUs.
