<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Sentinel - Threat Intelligence Data Connectors - Trusted Automated Exchange of Intelligence Information (TAXII)"
  description=""
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="yaronsahar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32786022"
  productpesids="16690"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="b31648e6-93f5-4b82-9726-4bde0c8cb346"
  ownershipid="Azure_Sentinel" />
# Azure Sentinel - Threat Intelligence Data Connectors - Trusted Automated Exchange of Intelligence Information (TAXII)

## **Recommended Steps**

1.	If you never received data, or did receive data initially but has not since the initial connection :
	1.1. Open the Azure Portal and navigate to the Azure Sentinel service.   
	1.2 Choose the workspace where you have imported threat indicators using the TAXII Data Connector.  
	1.3 Navigate to the 'Data Connectors' section under the Configuration pane.  
	1.4 Open the 'Threat Intelligence - TAXII (Preview)' data connector.  
	1.5 Check the last indicator received time on the table for TAXII Servers connected. 
		You can also validate this in the Graph shown on the left pane of the connectors page. 
		
2. If you see that there are no indicators in the past x hours, please verify if any new indicators exist in the collection after the last import time. 
	You can do this by checking the TAXII server collection using a CURL command -
	The API root is: https://limo.anomali.com/api/v1/taxii2/feeds (This is just an example) 
	You can always run a quick check from a command line to see what indicators are in the collection (to see if there are any new ones for example):
		Collection id: 135 or 136 or 107 
		Username : guest 
		Password: guest 
		curl -u guest https://limo.anomali.com/api/v1/taxii2/feeds/collections/107/objects/ 
		curl -u guest https://limo.anomali.com/api/v1/taxii2/feeds/collections/{{collectionid}}/objects/ 

	After doing this, open the file and determine the last time there was an update. 

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Connect data from threat intelligence providers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sentinel/connect-threat-intelligence)
* [Bring threat intelligence from Sixgill using TAXII Data Connector](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-sentinel/bring-threat-intelligence-from-sixgill-using-taxii-data/ba-p/1965440)
* [Bring your threat intelligence to Azure Sentinel](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-sentinel/bring-your-threat-intelligence-to-azure-sentinel/ba-p/1167546)