<properties
  pagetitle="Azure SQL assessment recommendations"
  description=""
  service="microsoft.migrate"
  resource="migrateprojects"
  ms.author="rajosh"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32786257"
  productpesids="16348"
  cloudenvironments="fairfax,public,usnat,ussec"
  disableclouds="blackforest,mooncake"
  articleid="c183ddc6-5222-4984-8680-d78b177d2521"
  ownershipid="Compute_AzureMigrate" />
# Azure SQL assessment recommendations

## **Recommended Steps**

### **I want to try out the new Azure SQL assessment feature in Azure Migrate**
To try out this feature, use [this link](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2155668L) to create a project in **Australia East** region.
- Refer to the [Discovery](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/migrate/tutorial-discover-vmware) and [assessment](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/migrate/tutorial-assess-sql) tutorials to get started.
- Note that discovery and assessment of SQL Server instances and databases running in your VMware environment is currently in preview.

### **I can't see some servers when I am creating an Azure SQL assessment**

- Azure SQL assessment can only be done on servers running where SQL instances were discovered. If you don't see the servers and SQL instances that you wish to assess, please wait for some time for the discovery to get completed and then create the assessment. 
- If you are not able to see a previously created group while creating the assessment, please remove any non-VMware server or any server without a SQL instance from the group.
- If you are running Azure SQL assessments in Azure Migrate for the first time, it is advisable to create a new group of servers.

### **I want to undertand why is the readiness for some or all of my SQL instances marked as unknown**
- Discovery is still in progress for SQL instances and databases. We recommend that you wait for some time for the appliance to profile the environment and then recalculate the assessment. SQL discovery is performed once every 24 hours and you might need to wait upto a day for the latest configuration changes to reflect. 
- There are some discovery issues that you need to fix in the Errors and notifications blade.

### **I can see that performance data is missing for some/all SQL instances/databases in my Azure SQL assessment**

To ensure performance data is collected, please check:

- If the servers running SQL Server are powered on for the duration for which you are creating the assessment
- If the connection status of the SQL agent in Azure Migrate is "Connected" and check the last heartbeat 
- If Azure Migrate connection status for all SQL instances is "Connected" in the discovered SQL instance blade
- If all of the performance counters are missing, ensure that outbound connections on ports 443 (HTTPS) are allowed

### **The confidence rating of my assessment is low**

The confidence rating is calculated for "Performance-based" assessments based on the percentage of [available data points](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/migrate/concepts-azure-sql-assessment-calculation#confidence-ratings) needed to compute the assessment. Below are the reasons why an assessment could get a low confidence rating:

- You did not profile your environment for the duration for which you are creating the assessment. 
- Assessment is not able to collect the performance data for some or all the servers in the assessment period. Please **Recalculate** the assessment to reflect the latest changes in confidence rating.
- For Azure SQL assessments, few SQL instances or databases were created after discovery had started. 

[Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/migrate/concepts-azure-sql-assessment-calculation#confidence-ratings) about confidence rating.

### **My assessment is in Outdated state, why is that so?**

If there are changes to on-premises SQL instances and databases that are in a group that's been assessed, the assessment is marked **outdated**:
- SQL instance was added or removed from a server
- SQL database was added or removed from a SQL instance
- Total database size in a SQL instance changed by more than 20%
- Change in number of processor cores and/or change in in allocated memory
Please **Recalculate** the assessment to reflect the latest changes in the assessment. 

### **I want to understand how was the readiness for my instance computed**
The readiness for your SQL instances has been computed after doing a feature compatibility check with the targeted Azure SQL deployment type (Azure SQL Database or Azure SQL Managed Instance). [Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/migrate/concepts-azure-sql-assessment-calculation#calculate-readiness)

### **Why was I recommended a particular target deployment type?**
Azure Migrate recommends a specific Azure SQL deployment type that is compatible with your SQL instance. Migrating to a Microsoft recommended target reduces your overall migration effort. This Azure SQL configuration (SKU) has been recommended after considering the performance characteristics of your SQL instance and the databases it manages. If multiple Azure SQL configurations are eligible, we recommend the one, which is the most cost effective. [Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/migrate/concepts-azure-sql-assessment-calculation#calculate-sizing)

### **What deployment target should I choose if my SQL instance is ready for Azure SQL DB and Azure SQL MI?**
If your instance is ready for both Azure SQL DB and Azure SQL MI, we recommend the target deployment type for which the estimated cost of Azure SQL configuration is lower.

### **Why is my instance marked as "Potentially ready for Azure VM" in my Azure SQL assessment?**
This can happen when the target deployment type chosen in the assessment properties is **Recommended** and the SQL instance is not ready for Azure SQL Database and Azure SQL Managed Instance. The user is recommended to create an assessment in Azure migrate with assessment type as **Azure VM** to determine if the Server on which the instance is running is ready to migrate to an Azure VM. [Learn More](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/migrate/common-questions-discovery-assessment#why-is-my-instance-marked-as-potentially-ready-for-azure-vm-in-my-azure-sql-assessment).

### **I can't see some databases in my assessment even though the instance is part of the assessment**
The Azure SQL assessment only includes databases that are in online status. In case the database is in any other status, the assessment ignores the readiness, sizing and cost calculation for such databases. In case you wish you assess such databases, please change the status of the database and recalculate the assessment in some time.

### **I want to compare costs for running my SQL instances on Azure VM Vs Azure SQL Databases/Managed Instance**
You can create an assessment with type **Azure VM** on the same group that was used in your **Azure SQL** assessment. You can then compare the two reports side by side. Though, Azure VM assessments in Azure Migrate are currently lift-and-shift focused and will not consider the specific performance metrics for running SQL instances and databases on the Azure virtual machine. When you run an Azure VM assessment on a server, the recommended size and cost estimates will be for all instances running on the server and can be migrated to an Azure VM using the Server Migration tool. Before you migrate, [review the performance guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/performance-guidelines-best-practices) for SQL Server on Azure virtual machines.