<properties
  pagetitle="SAP Cloud Platform Portal"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="andywu"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32729210"
  productpesids="17029"
  cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
  articleid="c386360a-5bf8-408c-9ade-88b6cd6333ba"
  ownershipid="Compute_VirtualMachines" />
# SAP Cloud Platform Portal

Most users are able to resolve their issue by using the following steps.

## **Recommended Steps**

### Admin Scenario

- The portal service tile is missing under the Subscriptions entry: Add require quota in the global account level or open a ticket to check if the relevant license has been purchased and provisioned.

- Subscription/Unsubscription failure: Note the error exception, including the job string if there is one, and open a ticket.

- Login Failure: Check and verify the role collection configuration:
   1. Define Role collection
   2. Add correct role to Role collection 
   3. Assign role collection to the user’s email
   4. Verify that correct IDP is in use 

- The site isn’t loading as expected: for example, missing tiles may indicate a real portal issue
   1. Check if application is failing to render
   2. Verify if there is a bug in the application
   3. Verify the cloud connector configuration 
   4. Verify the connectivity to the backend

### Deployment 

- Cannot create one of the services during deployment due to quota issues. Error message example: "Failed to Create service instance....you have exceeded your organization's services limit": Check the relevant quota in the subaccount entitlement.

- Cannot create one of the services during deployment due to multiple services instances. Error message example: A services <NAME> of plan ... already exists": Delete the existing service instance first ("cf ds ..." or through the cockpit...).

- Cannot create a service instance during deployment due to a 5XX status code: Try to create the service manually via the Cockpit: Locate the service in the marketplace, in the left panel, go to **Instances** and follow the wizard. Make sure to name the service in the same name described in the MTA.

- Cannot create one of the service SaaS-registry due to following error: "cannot change appId...": Give another name for xsappname in xs -security.json (and change in the corresponding appId in SaaS-registry).

- Cannot delete a service. "Failed to delete service SaaS-registry because it has an active subscription...": You need first to unsubscribe each tenant from deletion.

- Deployment is failing via development environment: Export the mtar created and deploy it manually by using the following command in your content provider space: 

```
cf deploy <MTAR NAME> ([deploy plugin](https://github.com/cloudfoundry-incubator/multiapps-cli-plugin) 
```
## **Recommended Documents**

* [SAP Cloud Platform Portal](https://help.sap.com/viewer/ad4b9f0b14b0458cad9bd27bf435637d/Cloud/en-US/5798687972fd4c2bace31c65b47f5587.html)
