<properties
  pagetitle="This is the title of the article. It is not displayed in the portal but is a required part of every article."
  description=""
  service="microsoft.purview"
  resource="accounts"
  ms.author="desarkar"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32783213,32783234,32783235,32783238,32783239,32783240,32783241,32783268"
  productpesids="17354"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="c41ace23-81d7-4edc-b442-580fbc23a126"
  ownershipid="AzureData_Purview" />
# This is the title of the article. It is not displayed in the portal but is a required part of every article.

Most users are able to resolve issues with Resource Sets by using the steps below..

## **Recommended Steps**

Resource sets are an unique implementation in Purview where we identify patterns and group together files with a common naming format. For example, if you have a directory called "foo" and it contains 500 files that are all CSV files, Purview scans "foo" and decides that all 500 files are partitions of a single resource set. For cost reasons we do not store information about every individual file in a resource set. It would blow up the catalog requiring us to store literally billions of names that get almost zero usage.

However, in some scenarios, you need to idemtify the fully qualified name of a specific file that is masked under a Resource Set. In those scenarios, you can browse to the Resource Set asset. It will show you the partitionCount that represents the number of files/partitions in the Resource Set and aggregatedProperties with a sampleUri that will pinpoint the fully qualified file name.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Understanding Resource Sets]: https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/purview/concept-resource-sets