<properties
  pagetitle="Search span and Interval Misalignment "
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="lyhughes"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32571143"
  productpesids="16244"
  cloudEnvironments="public,mooncake, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
  articleid="c4716ad6-020e-4d73-b89f-ad269cee9204"
  ownershipid="AzureIot_IotTSI" />
# Search span and Interval Misalignment 

If you are using the Aggregate Series API and are seeing the following issues, please read the explanation below to understand this behavior. 

* Query return timestamps that are not aligned to the search span you chose 
* Query returns more intervals than expected in the response
 

### **Overview of Behavior**

Users need to specify a search span and an interval when calling the Aggregate Series API. At query time, Time Series Insights calculates the number of intervals by counting the number of Unix epoch ticks (number of milliseconds that have elapsed since January 1st, 1970). Time Series Insights then divides those ticks into the interval buckets based on the size specified in the query. 

All intervals will be of the same length of time and the max number of intervals that can be generated is 200,000.

 
### **Misalignment Example**

Let's take the following example: 

Suppose the query issued has a search span of 9:00 AM to 12:00 PM on 8/1/2016 and an interval size of 1 hour. Suppose that the query returns the following timestamps and values: 

```
{
  "timestamps": [
    "2016-08-01T00:08:30Z",
    "2016-08-01T00:09:30Z",
    "2016-08-01T00:10:30Z",
    "2016-08-01T00:11:30Z"
  ],
  "properties": [
    {
      "name": "Count",
      "type": "Long",
      "values": [
        50,
        60,
        null,
        50
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```
These intervals are generated starting at Unix epoch so it may happen that the calculated intervals don't align with the search span chosen. 

Time Series Insights will take the interval in which your search span begins as the first bucket and will take the interval in which your search span ends as the last bucket. The timestamps that are returned by the query are of the left boundary timestamp of the interval. 

In this example, the first timestamp returned occurs before the start time of the search span. However, Time Series Insights will ignore any events that fall outside of the selected search span. So, any events occurring between 8:30 AM and 9:00 AM on 8/1/2016 are not included in the aggregations.

If Time Series Insights doesn't find data in an interval, as in the third interval, it will return null. 


### **Misalignment - Incorrect Interval Count Example**

Let's take the following example: 

Suppose the query issued has a search span of 9:00 AM to 10:00 AM on 8/1/2016 and an interval size of 1 hour. Suppose that the query returns the following timestamps and values: 

```
{
  "timestamps": [
    "2016-08-01T00:08:30Z",
    "2016-08-01T00:09:30Z",
    "2016-08-01T00:10:30Z"
  ],
  "properties": [
    {
      "name": "Count",
      "type": "Long",
      "values": [
        50,
        60
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```
These intervals are generated starting at Unix epoch so it may happen that the calculated intervals don't align with the search span and cause more than the expected number of intervals to be generated. 

Time Series Insights will take the interval in which your search span begins as the first bucket and will take the interval in which your search span ends as the last bucket. The timestamps that are returned by the query are of the left boundary timestamp of the interval.

In this example, the first timestamp returned occurs before the start time of the search span. However, Time Series Insights will ignore any events that fall outside of the selected search span. So, any events occurring between 8:30 AM and 9:00 AM and between 10:00 AM and 10:30 AM on 8/1/2016 are not included in the aggregations.


## **Recommended Documents**

* [Time Series Insights Query APIs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/time-series-insights/concepts-query-overview)