<properties
  pagetitle="Issues with Azure Monitor Private Link Scopes"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="noakuper"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32745441"
  productpesids="15725"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="c7e6f6e0-9364-4b02-9ce6-7fa113e7d54e"
  ownershipid="AzureMonitoring_LogAnalytics" />
# Issues with Azure Monitor Private Link Scopes

Most issues related to Azure Monitor Private Links scopes are related to DNS configurations, limits, or AMPLS settings. The following steps describe common issue you may encounter.
For more details, see [Use Azure Private Link to securely connect networks to Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/private-link-security).

## **Recommended Steps**

1. Hub-spoke networks (or any other topology of peered networks) can configure a Private Endpoint to connect the main hub VNet and an AMPLS, versus having Private Endpoints on each VNet. This configuration is suitable for networks that use shared Azure Monitor resources. However, if you want each VNet to access a separate set of monitoring resources, create a Private Link to a dedicated AMPLS for each network.

2. VNets that connect to different AMPLSs can override each other's endpoint mapping if you're using a shared DNS. This happens because some of these endpoints are global (meaning they have the same FQDN regardless of the target resource), such as Application Insights ingestion. To avoid this problem, use a different DNS for each AMPLS that you map your VNets to.

3. Due to the global nature of some Azure Monitor endpoints (as explain in #2), it's not posbbile for a VNet to access some monitoring resources (Workspace and Application Insights components) over Private Link, and other over a public connection. Once you connect a VNet to an AMPLS through a Private Endpoint, *all monitoring resources must be connected to an AMPLS. Public access to these resources will not be possible from this VNet.

3. The global nature of some Azure Monitor endpoints prevents VNets from accessing monitoring resources over Private Link (such as, Workspaces or Application Insights components), and other types of resources over a public connection. Therefore, if you connect a VNet to an AMPLS through a Private Endpoint, *all monitoring resources must be connected to an AMPLS.* The VNET will not provide public access to these resources.

4. The AMPLS has the following limitations: 
    * A VNet can only connect to 1 AMPLS object
    * An AMPLS object can connect to a maximum of 10 Private Endpoints.
    * An AMPLS object can connect to a maximum of 50 Azure Monitor resources.
    * An Azure Monitor resource (Workspace or Application Insights component) can be connected to a maximum of 5 AMPLSs.
    
5. When creating a Private Endpoint, you can integrate with a private DNS zone, which automatically creates a new Private DNS Zone. Alternatively, you can manage DNS records manually. To do this, set up a Private Link, which includes this Private Endpoint and the AMPLS configuration. Then, configure your DNS according to the instructions in [Azure Private Endpoint DNS configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/private-link/private-endpoint-dns). Make sure not to create empty records as preparation for your Private Link setup. The DNS records you create can override existing settings and impact your connectivity with Azure Monitor.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Use Azure Private Link to securely connect networks to Azure Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/private-link-security)
* [Using customer-managed storage accounts in Azure Monitor Log Analytics](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/private-storage)
* [Azure Private Endpoint DNS configuration](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/private-link/private-endpoint-dns)
