<properties
  pagetitle="Creating or deleting team projects"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="pazand"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32572844"
  productpesids="15543"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="c8e49b26-ae50-48a2-b7e1-6065ad0ae203"
  ownershipid="Azure_DevOps_Services" />
# Creating or deleting team projects

Most users are able to resolve their issues regarding creating or deleting team projects by using the steps below.

### **Recommended Steps**

*  To create a new project in Azure DevOps, see [Create a project in Azure DevOps](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/projects/create-project?view=azure-devops&tabs=preview-page)

* To learn best practices for planning and scaling my Azure DevOps organization with projects, see [About projects and scaling your organization](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/organizations/projects/about-projects?view=azure-devops). This whitepaper discusses best practices for structuring and scaling your projects.

* Is it possible to move a project from one organization to another? 
    * It is not possible to move a project from one organization to another. For Azure DevOps Server, you might consider using [Team Project Collection Split](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/server/admin/split-team-project-collection?view=azure-devops). This is a good alternative when you need to archive projects, split organizations, or reduce the number of team projects in a single collection. However, this doesn't help when you need to merge organizations, or consolidate team project collections. Note that support for splitting team project collections is available only for Azure DevOps Server 2019 and later, and Team Foundation Server versions 2013 and later.
    
## **Recommended Documents**

* For service impacting issues, see [Azure DevOps Services Status](https://status.dev.azure.com)
* Want a quicker answer? For quick answers to common questions and issues, try the [Azure DevOps Virtual Agent](https://azuredevopsvirtualagent.azurewebsites.net/)
