<properties
  pagetitle="SAP Cloud Platform OData Provisioning"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="andywu"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32729208"
  productpesids="17029"
  cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
  articleid="cc704a7f-a774-42ca-be49-9bf06ca9f72f"
  ownershipid="Compute_VirtualMachines" />
# SAP Cloud Platform OData Provisioning

Most users are able to resolve their issues using the steps below.

## **Recommended Steps**

Extension Center not accessible
- Check if the Extension Factory, serverless runtime instance is created. If you do not see Extension Center Application tile in your subaccount's Subscriptions screen, then request your global account owner to add entitlement for "Extension Center" application with "standard" plan in SAP CP Control Center

User not able to register services
- Assign **ODPManage** role to manage ODP via Extension Center. Check [Assign Roles to User](https://help.sap.com/viewer/bf7b2ff68518427c85b30ac3184ad215/Cloud/en-US/6d81b99d9dbe41eb90fcf26ce9aeaf90.html). After assigning the role, log out and log in again

User received forbidden error for service runtime calls
- Assign **ODPAPIAccess** role to perform service runtime calls. Check [Assign Roles to User](https://help.sap.com/viewer/bf7b2ff68518427c85b30ac3184ad215/Cloud/en-US/6d81b99d9dbe41eb90fcf26ce9aeaf90.html). After assigning the role, log out and log in again

Destination Dropdown is empty during service registration
- Create destinations at subaccount level
- Navigate to your subaccount
- Select **Connectivity Destinations**
- To create a new destination, choose **New Destination**; or if you want to import a destination, choose **Import Destination**
- When you add a new destination, ensure you choose **New Property** and provide an additional property odc with value `true`. Check Create HTTP Destinations 


Backend is not available in the list of defined system mappings in Cloud Connector or service runtime call fails with Forbidden error
- Add the backend system in Cloud Connector. Check [Configure Access Control(HTTP)](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/e7d4927dbb571014af7ef6ebd6cc3511.html)

The user sees Backend status could not be determined or service runtime call fails with Service Unavailable error. Service Unavailable error while talking to backend system is mostly logged when the Cloud Platform account is unable to communicate with the Cloud Connector. The following can be verified:
-  Add subaccount in Cloud Connector. Check [Manage Subaccounts](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/f16df12fab9f4fe1b8a4122f0fd54b6e.html)
- Verify the subaccount is in connected state. Check [Connect and Disconnect a Cloud Subaccount](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/e8f055e712434c90a4747c8f4d7ba2a4.html)
- If the destination is configured with Principal Propagation authentication, navigate to **Cloud To On Premise** > Principal Propagation tab and refresh it.
- If you are still getting service unavailable error, check [Cloud Connector unreachable](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/e23f776e4d594fdbaeeb1196d47bbcc0.html#loioe23f776e4d594fdbaeeb1196d47bbcc0__network). After IP address update, restart cloud connector

Resource is not accessible in Cloud Connector or backend is not reachable or service runtime call fails with Forbidden error
- Check availability of backend system in Cloud Connector > Access Control. It must be in Reachable.Add the following resource path
URL Path: /
Enabled: Select checkbox
Access Policy: Path and all subpaths
- Backend system Status must be green

Service has been modified in backend system but the changes are not reflecting
- Clear backend cache using transaction `/IWBEP/CACHE_CLEANUP`
- Clear ODP cache 
- If the issue still persists, try transport of service again to the backend system where it is not reflecting correctly

## **Recommended Documents**

* [SAP Cloud Platform OData Provisioning](https://help.sap.com/viewer/a7c6d8a0bd1f415887f6246d8cf8e68e/Cloud/en-US/6cfbe11c83ec4fa2a102f35a74844249.html)
* [Assign Roles to User](https://help.sap.com/viewer/bf7b2ff68518427c85b30ac3184ad215/Cloud/en-US/6d81b99d9dbe41eb90fcf26ce9aeaf90.html)
* [Configure Access Control (HTTP)](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/e7d4927dbb571014af7ef6ebd6cc3511.html)
* [Manage Subaccounts](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/f16df12fab9f4fe1b8a4122f0fd54b6e.html)
* [Connect and Disconnect a Cloud Subaccount](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/e8f055e712434c90a4747c8f4d7ba2a4.html)
* [Cloud Connector unreachable](https://help.sap.com/viewer/cca91383641e40ffbe03bdc78f00f681/Cloud/en-US/e23f776e4d594fdbaeeb1196d47bbcc0.html#loioe23f776e4d594fdbaeeb1196d47bbcc0__network)
