<properties
  pagetitle="Create Storage Account&#xD;"
  service="microsoft.databoxedge"
  resource="databoxedgedevices"
  ms.author="hadhand,chawon"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32745986,32785560,32785623"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16597,17132,17133"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="cfb70a5e-2ea2-41e6-a695-0fbb3a37be01"
  ownershipid="StorageMediaEdge_AzureStack_Edge" />
# Create Storage Account

This article provides guidance on creating a storage account for an Azure Stack Edge device.


## **Recommended Steps**

1. After configuring the shares, you need to provide a Storage account where the share will live. 
   - If a container doesn't already exist, one is created in the storage account with the share name. 
   - If a container does exist, that container is used. 

2. From the dropdown list, choose the Storage service from **Block blob**, **Page blob**, or **Files**. The type of the service you choose depends on the format in which data will reside in Azure. For example, in this instance, we want the data to reside as block blobs in Azure, hence we select **Block blob**. If you choose **Page Blob**, you must ensure that your data is 512 bytes aligned. Use Page blob for VHDs or VHDX that are always 512 bytes aligned.

>**Important**
>* Your device is associated with a storage account that's being used as a destination for your data in Azure. Access to the storage account is controlled by the subscription and two 512-bit storage access keys associated with that storage account.
* One of the keys is used for authentication when the Azure Stack Edge device accesses the storage account. The other key is held in reserve, so you can rotate the keys periodically.
* For security reasons, many datacenters require key rotation. We recommend that you follow these best practices for key rotation: Your storage account key is similar to the root password for your storage account. Carefully protect your account key. Don't distribute the password to other users, hard code it, or save it in plain text where it may be accessible to others.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Shares and Storage](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-manage-shares)
* [Shares and Security](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-security)
* [Syncing Storage Keys](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-manage-shares#sync-storage-keys)

### Notes

* Make sure that the Azure Storage account that you use does not have immutability policies set on it if you are using it with a Azure Stack Edge or Data Box Gateway device
