<properties
  pagetitle="I'm getting an error when running Log queries "
  service="microsoft.insights"
  resource="components"
  ms.author="rashmia"
  selfhelptype="Resource"
  supporttopicids="32729602"
  productpesids="15693"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="d1f780ec-922e-4e66-9ff8-a433db1dbd86"
  ownershipid="AzureMonitoring_ApplicationInsights" />
# I'm getting an error when running Log queries 


Querying and analyzing application log data can cover a very wide scope. It is therefore important to understand the best practices to use, and what might affect your query's performance, or even fail it.

Queries can be done in two ways: directly querying a specific table (such as *requests*), or searching through your entire set of data. The first approach is preferred since it's scoped to a relevant data source and therefore more efficient.

## **Recommended Steps**


**Query failures**

Almost all query failures are caused by syntax errors, rather than connection failures etc. Here are the most common errors:

**No query statement found**

This very common "syntax error" actually means you didn't select a query before clicking the *Run* button (or using the Shift+Enter shortcut). Simply make sure your cursor is on the relevant query and run it again.

**Failed to resolve table / column / scalar expression named ...**<br>

This common error is usually just a typo - your query refers to a table, column or other expression using a wrong name. For example, instead of typing: **requests | where timestamp > ago(1h)** you might have typed: **request | where timestamp > ago(1h)** To fix this error, simply review the query and look for a red squiggly line - it marks the text that was probably misspelled.

**Missing closing brackets or quotation marks**

These common typing errors result in a "Syntax error" or "query could not be parsed at '<EOF>'" message.

**Handling special characters**

If your query contains special characters, you will need to escape them or use **@** to create a verbatim string literal. Read more about it [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/kusto/query/scalar-data-types/string).

**General Performance Issues**

* **Scope your query**: Querying a wider scope than you actually need may lead to a long-running query, and often result in too many (irrelevant) records in your result set. In some cases, the query may even time out and fail.
* **Select the relevant data source**: The first step in writing an efficient query is focusing on the relevant data source, which usually means selecting the table to query
* **Specifying a table** is always preferred over running an wide text search (such as **search \***)
* **Set the relevant time range**: By default, your query will cover the last 24 hours. If you're interested in log records from the last hour, select that option in the Time Range selector (located next to the *Run* button) or add it explicitly to your query. It is best to add the time filter immediately after the table name, ex. **requests | where timestamp > ago(1h)**
* **Get only the latest logs**: To review only the latest records, use the *top* operator. ex,  **traces | top 10 by timestamp**
* **Filter records**: To review only logs that match a given condition, use the *where* operator, ex. **traces | where severityLevel > 0**
   
**Improve your query performance**

* **Using has vs contains**: When evaluating strings, prefer **has** over **contains** when looking for full tokens. **has** is more performant as it doesn't have to look-up for substrings.
* **Use project** to narrow the set of columns being processed to only those you need: **traces | project timestamp, severityLevel, client_City | ...**
* **Use extend** to calculate values and create your own columns, always prefer to filter on a table column, ex. **customEvents | extend subscription = split(operation_Name, "/")[2] | where subscription == "acb"**
* **Using joins** When using the **join** operator - choose the table with less rows to be the first one (left-most).


## **Recommended Documents**

* [Getting started with queries](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/query-language/get-started-queries)
* [Writing search queries](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/log-analytics/query-language/search-queries)
* [Query best practices](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/kusto/query/best-practices)
* [Query language online course](https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/kusto-query-language-kql-from-scratch)