<properties
  pagetitle="Business to Consumer (B2C)"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="nishring"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32633323"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16580"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="db1a2b2f-ad70-44ee-9b34-07a77780356c"
  ownershipid="AzureIdentity_B2C" />
# Business to Consumer (B2C)

## **Recommended steps**

**How can I link an Azure AD B2C tenant to a subscription?** 

You must explicitly link an Azure AD B2C tenant to an Azure subscription by creating an Azure AD B2C resource within the target Azure subscription. See [Steps to link an Azure AD B2C tenant to a subscription](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/billing#create-the-link). 

Start today by [creating an Azure Active Directory B2C tenant](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/tutorial-create-tenant?WT.mc_id=Portal-Microsoft_Azure_Support).

**Can I unlink one of the Azure AD B2C tenants associated with the current subscription and link it to a new subscription?** 

Yes, this is possible. See the following details: 

* If the destination subscription exists within the same Azure active directory tenant: Open AAD  tenant > **All resources** > **Select Azure B2C tenant**, and select **Move** > **Move to another subscription**. 

* If the destination subscription is associated with different Azure Active Directory tenants, you can achieve the same result by unlinking the Azure AD B2C tenant from the source subscription and relinking it to the destination subscription. This method is safe because the only object you delete is the billing link, not the Azure AD B2C tenant itself. 

**I am having role and access issues in subscription, for my Azure AD B2C tenant** 

Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC) is the authorization system you use to manage access to Azure resources. To grant access, you assign roles to users, groups, service principals, or managed identities at a particular scope. See [Steps to add or remove Azure role assignments using the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/role-assignments-portal).



### **Useful Links** 

* Learn [best practices and recommendations](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/best-practices) for integrating Azure AD B2C into existing or new application environments.  

* Learn more from our [Frequently-asked questions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory-b2c/active-directory-b2c-faqs) about the Azure Active Directory B2C. 

* Ask your question to our developer community at  [Stack Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/azure-ad-b2c).