<properties
  pagetitle="My issue is not listed "
  description=""
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="prkazasr"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32746791"
  productpesids="17321"
  cloudenvironments="fairfax,mooncake,public,usnat,ussec"
  disableclouds="blackforest"
  articleid="df6635ca-2b7f-4e67-b7af-79f337f1a57e"
  ownershipid="Compute_AzureResourceMover" />
# My issue is not listed 
Most users can resolve commonly seen issues by using the following information.

## **Recommended Steps**

Issues with moving of encrypted VMs:
1. If you're moving VMs that have Azure disk encryption enabled, you need to run a script for which the user executing the script should have appropriate permissions.
2. Destination resources associated with encryption need manual assignment.

Prepare of resources:
1. Before preparing the VMs, ensure that you have committed the Source Resource Group and that it is in the Delete source pending state
2. Before preparing the elastic pools and SQL database, ensure that you have the source SQL Server moved first, and that it is in a Delete source pending state
3. To prepare the SQL database that's in an elastic pool, initiate the move for the elastic pool first, and then prepare the database
4. Ensure that you have validated dependencies before preparing the resource
5. When you are preparing the resources, until the state changes from Prepare pending to Prepare in progress (with the % progress bar appearing), you cannot do any parallel operations on any other resource in the move collection

Initiate Move of resources:
1. Before initiating the move of VMs, ensure that you have committed the source resource group and that it's in a Delete source pending state
Note: The source VM is shut down, and some downtime occurs (usually minutes)
2. Before initiating the move of elastic pools and the SQL database, ensure that you have the source SQL Server moved first, and that it's in a Delete source pending state

Discard/Commit of resources:
Error: Resources cannot be discarded because they have been used during prepare operation by another resource
A dependent resource(s) is using the resource you are trying to discard. Remove this dependent resource, and then retry

Error: Cannot discard the resources because they have been manually assigned
The resource that you are trying to discard wasn't created by the resource move service, but was manually assigned. This issue cannot be resolved.

Error: The move resource is not in the right valid state
Ensure that you select resources with the state, Commit move pending

Supported resources:
Error: Resource type if un-supported.
Please ensure you are trying to move a resource which us supported by Azure Resource Mover service. 

Move across regions/Subscriptions:
Azure Resource Mover currently supports move of resources across regions in the same subscription. If you need to move resources across regions and across Subscriptions simultaneously, it’s a two part move process:
1. First move resources across regions using Azure Regions Mover within the same subscription.
2. Then you can utilize Azure Resource Manager and move resources subscriptions.

Target region has quota issues
Check that the target subscription has enough quota to create VMs and related resources in the target region
If the target subscription doesn't have enough quota, request additional limits.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Prepare to move the source resource group](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-virtual-machines#move-the-source-resource-group)
* [Commit of SQL Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-sql#move-the-sql-server)
* [Prepare the elastic pool](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-sql#prepare-an-elastic-pool)
* [Prepare the SQL dbs within Elastic pools](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-sql#move-the-pool-and-prepare-pool-databases)
* [Initiate move of source resource group](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-virtual-machines#move-the-source-resource-group)
* [Commit SQL Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-sql#move-the-sql-server)
* [Prepare elastic pool](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-sql#prepare-an-elastic-pool)
* [Move of SQL database within elastic pools](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-sql#move-the-pool-and-prepare-pool-databases)
* [Azure VMs commit or discard](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-virtual-machines#discard-or-commit)
* [Azure SQL resources Commit or discard](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-sql#discard-or-commit)
* [Azure subscription and quotas](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/azure-subscription-service-limits#managing-limits)
* [Encrypted VMs](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/resource-mover/tutorial-move-region-encrypted-virtual-machines#verify-user-permissions-on-key-vault-for-vms-using-azure-disk-encryption-ade)