<properties
  pagetitle="Immersive Reader fails to launch. Nothing happens when clicking the Immersive Reader button."
  service="microsoft.cognitiveservices"
  resource="accounts"
  ms.author="rwaller"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32741232"
  productpesids="17258"
  cloudenvironments="public"
  articleid="dfef04a5-eafd-442d-af26-758bc25c9d41"
  ownershipid="AzureCogSvc_CognitiveServices" />
# Immersive Reader fails to launch. Nothing happens when clicking the Immersive Reader button.

If the Immersive Reader fails to launch and nothing happens when clicking the Immersive Reader button, it could be a number of things you may encounter during initial integration development related to parameters passed to the SDK.

However, if Immersive Reader has been working and then one day suddenly stops, it could be related to an Azure AD application password expiration. 

When the Azure AD application is initially created & configured, a password (client secret) is configured in the Azure AD application, and that password has a default expiration of 1-year (if you use our script to create the Immersive Reader resource, you must set the password expiration time explicitly via a script parameter). You use this password in your product or service backend each time you acquire an Azure AD token when launching the Reader. 

At some point in time, that password will expire. If it does, and you have not already rotated the password and updated your code to use a new password, then the call to get a new Azure AD token will fail. Depending on how you handle such an error, you may or may or may not proceed to call the SDK launchAsync() method with a null token. If you do pass a null token, the SDK will reject it and log an error in the browser console log and return that error back to the caller. The Immersive Reader page will not launch. Clicking the button will appear to do nothing.

## **Recommended Steps**

1. Check the browser console logs for a clue about what the problem could be
2. If you see console log like 'token must not be null' or suspect a token issue, check that your Azure AD application password is still valid. In the Azure Portal go to *Home | Azure Active Directory | App Registrations | ***Select your Azure AD application*** | Certificates and Secrets | Client Secrets section*. Check the Expires column for the date your password expires.
3. Create a new secret if necessary and deploy that in your product
4. Establish a schedule for rotating secrets. Create new secrets and deploy those in your product well in advance of the currently used secret's expiration.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [How-To: Create an Immersive Reader resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/immersive-reader/how-to-create-immersive-reader)
* [JavaScript SDK Reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/immersive-reader/reference)
