<properties
  pagetitle="VM creation fails: No more connections can be made to the service"
  service="microsoft.azurestackhci"
  resource="clusters"
  ms.author="cpuckett"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32748921"
  productpesids="17261"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="e0578556-c269-4aeb-8b96-7b96fd9c70b6"
  ownershipid="StorageMediaEdge_AzureStack_HCI" />
# VM creation fails: No more connections can be made to the service

Use the following steps to resolve the following error when creating a new virtual machine: <br>
   "There was a failure configuring the virtual machine role for 'vmname'. Job failed. Error opening "vmname" clustered roles. The service being accessed is licensed for a particular number of connections. No more connections can be made to the service at this time because there are already as many connections as the service can accept."

## **Recommended Steps**

1. Azure Stack HCI needs to periodically connect to the Azure public cloud. If outbound connectivity is restricted by your external corporate firewall or proxy server, Azure Stack HCI must be configured to allow outbound access to port 443 (HTTPS) on a limited number of well-known Azure IPs. For information on how to prepare your firewalls, see [Configure firewalls for Azure Stack HCI](https://https://docs.microsoft.com/azure-stack/hci/concepts/configure-firewalls)

2. Install the required cmdlets on your management PC by running the `Install-Module -Name Az.StackHCI` PowerShell cmdlet. If you are registering a cluster deployed from the current General Availability (GA) image of Azure Stack HCI, simply run the following command. If your cluster was deployed from the Public Preview image, make sure that you have applied the November 23, 2020 Preview Update (KB4586852) or later to each server in the cluster before attempting to register with Azure.
    * If prompted "Do you want PowerShellGet to install and import the NuGet provider now?", answer Yes (Y).
    * If prompted "Are you sure you want to install the modules from 'PSGallery'?", answer Yes (Y).
    
3. Perform the registration by running the following command (where *ComputerName Server1* is the name of any server in the cluster). To get your Azure subscription ID, go to **portal.azure.com** > **Subscriptions**, and copy your ID from the list.<br>
    `Register-AzStackHCI  -SubscriptionId "<subscription_ID>" -ComputerName Server1 [–Credential] [-ResourceName] [-ResourceGroupName] [-Region]`
    
4. Authenticate with Azure: To complete the registration process, you need to authenticate (sign in) using your Azure account. Your account needs to have access to the Azure subscription specified in step 3 for registration to proceed. Copy the code provided, go to **microsoft.com/devicelogin** on another device (such as your PC or phone), enter the code, and sign in there. This is the same experience Microsoft uses for other devices with limited input modalities, like Xbox.

The registration workflow will detect when you've logged in and proceed to completion. You should then be able to see your cluster in the Azure portal.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Connect Azure Stack HCI to Azure](https://https://docs.microsoft.com/azure-stack/hci/deploy/register-with-azure)
