<properties
  pagetitle="Timeout errors"
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="datafactories"
  ms.author="shelfeng"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32784322"
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="e2ad7925-b256-42e3-b2c9-2cc31b95d430"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# Timeout errors

## **Recommended Steps**

**Common Error Codes**

- **SQL**
   - **Error code:**  `SqlOpenConnectionTimeout`
   **Message:**  Open connection to database timeout after `%timeoutValue;` seconds.
   **Cause:**  Could be a SQL Database transient failure.
   **Recommendation:**  Try again to update the linked service connection string with a larger connection timeout value.

   - **Error code:**  `SqlBatchWriteTimeout`
   **Message:**  Timeouts in SQL write operation.
   **Cause:**  Could be a SQL Database transient failure.
   **Recommendation:**  Retry. If the problem occurs again, contact Azure SQL support. 
   
   - **Error code:**  `SqlBatchWriteTransactionFailed`
   **Message:**  SQL transaction commits failed
   **Cause:**  If exception details consistently include a transaction timeout, the network latency between integration runtime and database is higher than the default threshold, which is 30 seconds.
   **Recommendation:**  Update the SQL linked service connection string with `connection timeout` value equals to 120 or higher, and rerun the activity.
   **Cause:**  If exception details intermittently indicate that 'sqlconnection' is broken, it could just be transient network failure or a SQL Database side issue
   **Recommendation:**  Retry the activity and review the SQL Database side metrics.

- **ADLS Gen2**
   - **Error code:**  `AdlsGen2TimeoutError`
   **Message:**  Request to ADLS Gen2 account '%account;' met timeout error.
   **Cause:**  Generally caused by a bad network connection between the Self-hosted IR machine and the ADLS Gen2 account. Check the network to resolve this issue. 

**Recommended Documents** 

[Activity troubleshooting guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/data-factory-troubleshoot-guide) 

[connector troubleshooting guide]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/connector-troubleshoot-guide). 

[security and access control troubleshoot guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/security-and-access-control-troubleshoot-guide) 

[Self-hosted IR Connectivity Issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/self-hosted-integration-runtime-troubleshoot-guide#self-hosted-ir-connectivity-issues)
