<properties
  pagetitle="How can I protect myself from unexpected large data ingestion?"
  service="microsoft.operationalinsights"
  resource="workspaces"
  ms.author="dalek"
  selfhelptype="Resource"
  supporttopicids="32745392"
  productpesids="15725"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="e3d51b72-ac51-46ef-ada8-6d006cf112dd"
  ownershipid="AzureMonitoring_LogAnalytics" />
# How can I protect myself from unexpected large data ingestion?

To protect yourself from large unexpected data volumes and costs, you can configure a [daily cap](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#manage-your-maximum-daily-data-volume) to limit the daily ingestion for your workspace. Use care with this as your goal should not be to hit the daily limit because when the daily cap is met you lose data for the remainder of the day. As a result, your ability to observe and receive alerts when the health conditions of resources supporting IT services are impacted. The daily cap is intended to be used as a way to manage the unexpected increase in data volume from your managed resources and stay within your limit, or when you want to limit unplanned charges for your workspace.</br></br>

To configure a limit to manage the volume of data that Log Analytics workspace will ingest per day, select **Usage and estimated costs** from the left pane in your workspace. On the **Usage and estimated costs** page for the selected workspace, click **Daily Cap** from the top of the page. Click the daily cap **ON** to enable it, and then set the data volume limit in GB/day. Note that security data types are not affected by the daily cap.</br></br>

It is highly recommended to [configure an alert](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#alert-when-daily-cap-reached) so you know when the daily cap has been met.

## **Recommended Documents**
* [Setting a daily cap](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#manage-your-maximum-daily-data-volume)
* {Alert when the daily cap is reached](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/manage-cost-storage#alert-when-daily-cap-reached)