<properties
  pagetitle="Azure Policy - Issues related to Policy Exemptions"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="kenieva"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32758299"
  productpesids="16456"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="e44627a9-a235-44b8-86af-0f04736068f8"
  ownershipid="Compute_AzurePolicy" />
# Azure Policy - Issues related to Policy Exemptions

**EXEMPTIONS ARE FREE DURING PREVIEW.**

Pricing information will be announced at time of GA (ETA: To be announced).
For more information regarding exemptions, click [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/concepts/exemption-structure).

**What is a Policy Exemption?** 

A Policy Exemption is an Azure Policy resource that enables users to mark scopes (management group to individual resource) as exempted from that assignment compliance so that they will not be evaluated for compliance. A scope can be exempted from one specific policy assignment or from one policy within an initiative assignment.

**Exempt compliance status**

An exempt compliance status means that the resource is within a scope that is skipped from being evaluated for compliance. Instead it will have a compliance status of exempt. 

**Exemptions lifecycle and permissions** 

Exemptions are a separate resource from assignments. Therefore, they require their own RBAC and have their own lifecycle. See permission information [here.](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/concepts/exemption-structure#required-permissions) 

There is an optional property of expiration date on exemption resources. When a exemption passes expiration date, the scope will now be assessed for compliance. However, the exemption resource will not be deleted, it will be kept for recordkeeping and/or extension of the exemption. 

**Difference between Exclusions(NotScopes) and Exemptions**

To learn about the differences between exclusions (NotScopes) and exemptions, click [Scope](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/concepts/scope#scope-comparison).

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Exemption Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/concepts/exemption-structure)

* [Assignment Scope](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/concepts/scope)
