<properties
  pagetitle="Hardware Issues."
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="hadhand"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32745966"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16597"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="e89800e3-2e46-44a5-8fd1-688ca180e896"
  ownershipid="StorageMediaEdge_AzureStack_Edge" />
# Hardware Issues.

All device events related to hardware health on your Azure Stack Edge device, for example a failed Power Supply Unit (PSU) or a change in device password will result in alerts of different severity in the Azure portal. To monitor the hardware health status via the Azure portal, you can create action rules that would notify you via email/SMS/webhook of any device alerts that are fired. 
Take the following steps in the local web UI to view the hardware status of your device components.

## **Recommended Steps**

1. Connect to the local web UI of your device. Go to Maintenance > Hardware status. You can view the health of the various device components.
2.  In the local web UI, go to Troubleshooting > Diagnostic tests. Select the test you want to run and click Run test. This runs the tests to diagnose any possible issues with your network, device, web proxy, time, or cloud settings. You are notified that the device is running tests.
3.  After the tests have completed, the results are displayed
4.  If a test fails or shows warning for Network Interface card - then a URL for recommended action is presented. You can click the URL to view the recommended action.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Monitoring your Azure Stack Edge device](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-monitor)
* [Troubleshoot Device Issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-troubleshoot)
* [View hardware status of your Azure Stack Edge Pro device]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/databox-online/azure-stack-edge-monitor#view-hardware-status)