<properties
  pagetitle="**SQL Connectivity Errors**"
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="datafactories"
  ms.author="shelfeng"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32784321"
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="eb475aca-fcff-4f57-9113-c38b39ed290e"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# **SQL Connectivity Errors**

## **Recommended Steps**

- Check any known issue for SQL-related connectivity errors in the [troubleshooting guide]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/connector-troubleshoot-guide#azure-synapse-analyticsazure-sql-databasesql-server)

- If you are running the Self-Hosted IR, you can find detailed information in Integration Runtime logs in Windows event logs. See **Event Viewer** > **Application and Services Logs** > **Integration Runtime** and **Connectors**. If your data sink and source is coming from SQL with connectivity issues, also follow the steps in the [Network troubleshooting guide]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/self-hosted-integration-runtime-troubleshoot-guide#connectivity-issue-between-self-hosted-ir-and-data-factory-or-self-hosted-ir-and-data-sourcesink).

- If you see a data store connection, launch Configuration Manager on the host machine, switch to the **Diagnostics** tab, select or enter appropriate values for fields in the **Test connection** group, and click **Test** to see if you can connect to on-premises data source from the gateway machine using the connection information and credentials. Follow the steps for connectivity issues in the [Network troubleshooting guide]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/self-hosted-integration-runtime-troubleshoot-guide#connectivity-issue-between-self-hosted-ir-and-data-factory-or-self-hosted-ir-and-data-sourcesink).

- Follow the steps on the [troubleshooting guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/self-hosted-integration-runtime-troubleshoot-guide#gather-self-hosted-integration-runtime-logs-from-azure-data-factory). If you proceed with a support request, make a note of the **Report ID**and **Wireshark trace** from the self-IR during the problematic time.

**Common Errors from SQL**

- **Error code: SqlFailedToConnect**

   **Message:**  Cannot connect to SQL Database: '%server;', Database: '%database;', User: '%user;'. Check that the linked service configuration is correct, and make sure the SQL Database firewall allows the integration runtime to access.

   - **Cause:**  Azure SQL: If the error message contains "SqlErrorNumber=47073", it means that public network access is denied in the connectivity setting.

      **Recommendation:**  On Azure SQL firewall, set the **Deny public network access** option to **No**. [Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/database/connectivity-settings#deny-public-network-access).

   - **Cause:**  Azure SQL: If the error message contains SQL error code, such as "SqlErrorNumber=[errorcode]", see the [Azure SQL DB troubleshooting guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/database/troubleshoot-common-errors-issues).

      **Recommendation:**  Learn more from the [Azure SQL DB troubleshooting guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-sql/database/troubleshoot-common-errors-issues).

   - **Cause:** Check if port 1433 is in the firewall allow list.

      **Recommendation:**  Follow [these steps](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/sql-server/install/configure-the-windows-firewall-to-allow-sql-server-access?view=sql-server-ver15#ports-used-by-).

   - **Cause:**  If the error message contains "SqlException", SQL Database throws the error indicating that a specific operation failed.

      **Recommendation:**  Search by SQL error code for more details in [Database engine errors](https://docs.microsoft.com/sql/relational-databases/errors-events/database-engine-events-and-errors). If you need further help, contact Azure SQL support.

   - **Cause:**  If this is a transient issue, such as an instable network connection, add retry in your activity policy.

      **Recommendation:**  Follow the steps in [Activity Policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/concepts-pipelines-activities#activity-policy).

   - **Cause:**  If the error message contains "Client with IP address '...' is not allowed to access the server", and you are trying to connect to Azure SQL Database, this issue is usually caused by an Azure SQL Database firewall issue.

      **Recommendation:**  In Azure SQL Server firewall configuration, enable the "Allow Azure services and resources to access this server" option. See [Firewall Configure](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/sql-database/sql-database-firewall-configure).

- **Error code: SqlBatchWriteTransactionFailed**

   **Message:**  SQL transaction commits failed

   - **Cause:**  If exception details constantly tell transaction timeout, the network latency between integration runtime and database is higher than default threshold by 30 seconds.

      **Recommendation:**  Update Sql linked service connection string with `connection timeout` value to equal 120 or higher and rerun the activity.

   - **Cause**:  If exception details intermittently show that the SQL connection is broken, it could just be a transient network failure or SQL Database side issue.

      **Recommendation:**  Retry the activity and review SQL Database-side metrics.

- **Error code: SqlOperationFailed**

   **Message:**  A database operation failed. See the error to get more details.

   - **Cause:**  If the error message contains "SqlException," SQL Database throws the error indicating that a specific operation failed.

      **Recommendation:**  If the SQL error is not clear, try to alter the database to latest compatibility level '150'. It can throw latest version SQL errors. 

   - **Cause:**  If the error message contains "PdwManagedToNativeInteropException," usually this is caused by a mismatch between source and sink column sizes.

      **Recommendation:**  Check the size of both source and sink columns. If you need further help, contact Azure SQL support.

   - **Cause:**  If the error message contains "InvalidOperationException", usually it's caused by invalid input data.

      **Recommendation:** To identify which row encounters the issue, enable fault tolerance feature on copy activity, which can redirect problematic row(s) to the storage for further investigation. [Learn more](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/copy-activity-fault-tolerance).

   **Note:**  For more information about SQL-related error guidance, see the [troubleshooting guide]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/connector-troubleshoot-guide#azure-synapse-analyticsazure-sql-databasesql-server).



## **Recommended Documents**

[Azure Synapse Analytics/Azure SQL Database/SQL Server Common Errors]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/connector-troubleshoot-guide#azure-synapse-analyticsazure-sql-databasesql-server)<br>

[Network troubleshooting guide]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/self-hosted-integration-runtime-troubleshoot-guide#connectivity-issue-between-self-hosted-ir-and-data-factory-or-self-hosted-ir-and-data-sourcesink)<br>

[Troubleshooting guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/self-hosted-integration-runtime-troubleshoot-guide#gather-self-hosted-integration-runtime-logs-from-azure-data-factory)<br>
