<properties
  pagetitle="Security and Isolation for your Azure Bot Service bot"
  service="microsoft.botservice"
  resource="botservices"
  ms.author="jameslew"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32688659"
  productpesids="16152"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="ee7d65e3-2b72-47ae-9114-521062c75f9b"
  ownershipid="Compute_BotService" />
# Security and Isolation for your Azure Bot Service bot

Bots developed utilizing the Bot Framework to use the Azure Bot Service are architected to be highly secure out of the box. There are additional optional considerations depending on your scenario. Some cases are included below:

## **Recommended Steps**

### **Deploying your Bot in an Azure Virtual Network (VNET)**

For some customers, it's critical to restrict network traffic to only within the customer's network. The Bot Service traditionally depends on bi-directional access to the Bot Service servers on the Internet. Bot Service now offers customers the ability to deploy their bot in a Virtual Network, using the Direct Line App Service Extension. 

* [More Information](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-service-channel-directline-extension)

### **Ensuring clients and bots are configured for TLS 1.2**

Microsoft, the Payment Card Industry (PCI), and the entire Internet community, are moving away from TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1, which have been shown to be vulnerable to determined attackers. Bot Service now requires all connections from clients and bots to utilize TLS 1.2.

* [Bot Service Announcement](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/azure-bot-service-enforcing-transport-layer-security-tls-1-2/)
* [Azure Announcement](https://azure.microsoft.com/updates/azuretls12/)

### **Restricting audience to just a specific organization when connecting to Microsoft Teams**

The Bot Service and Microsoft Teams are designed to allow bots to be added to multiple teams. In some cases, you may wish for your bot only to be available to your own Tenant, as is the case with many Enterprise bots. To achieve this, you can filter on the Tenant Id, passed as part of the Activity sent to your bot and reject other requests.

* [More Information](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform/bots/how-to/conversations/conversation-basics?tabs=dotnet#teams-channel-data)

### **Authenticating users to provide access to secured resources**

Bot Service supports authenticating users with OAuth and AAD to enable secure access to resources on behalf of the user. Authentication works across all channels, and in some cases Single-Sign On is offered for the smoothest experience.

* [More Information](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/bot-builder-authentication?view=azure-bot-service-4.0&tabs=aadv2%2Ccsharp)

### **Securely configuring your webchat client**

As the Bot Service webchat control is deployed on your client, it is recommended that you utilize the enhanced security features provided to generate authentication tokens rather than embedding secrets in the web page. More information is available at the link below.

* [More Information](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/bot-service/rest-api/bot-framework-rest-direct-line-3-0-authentication?view=azure-bot-service-4.0#security-considerations)
