<properties
  pagetitle="Cannot connect to SQL Server Analysis Service"
  service="microsoft.sqlvirtualmachine"
  resource="sqlvirtualmachines"
  ms.author="babarmav,ujpat"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32779856"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="14745"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="f2448718-3196-46c3-b92f-ec25150f3533"
  ownershipid="AzureData_AzureSQLVM" />
# Cannot connect to SQL Server Analysis Service

Most customers can resolve issues related to "Cannot connect to SQL Server Analysis Service" by using the following solutions.

## **Recommended Steps**

**Where can I find the installation media or the license key in an Azure SQL VM?**<br>
* If you already have a SQL Server VM created from Azure Marketplace, find the installation media at **C:\SQLServerFull**<br>
* To get the product key, run **setup.exe** from C:\SQLServerFull, copy the product key that appears in the install process, and exit the installer

**An error was encountered in the transport layer**<br>
This error indicates that clients receive a transport layer error and are unable to connect to the target Analysis Services. Make sure that the users are able to access the target Analysis Services server by IP and port in the network. Also check if clients are using the supported Analysis Services client libraries, and that users are granted with proper permission to the target Analysis Services databases.

**Cannot connect to SQL Server Analysis Service**<br>
To connect to an Analysis Services database, you must have a Windows user or group identity and associated permissions. For details, see the following documents:

  * [Authentication methodologies supported by Analysis Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/instances/authentication-methodologies-supported-by-analysis-services?view=asallproducts-allversions)
  * [Authorizing access to objects and operations (Analysis Services)](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/multidimensional-models/authorizing-access-to-objects-and-operations-analysis-services?view=asallproducts-allversions)

**Error with Kerberos delegation**<br>
Kerberos delegation is required if the user identity has to flow over multiple computer connections (referred to as *double-hop*). When Analysis Services data access is contingent upon user identity, and the connection request is from a delegating service, ensure that Analysis Services is able to impersonate the original caller. For instructions, see these resources:
   *  [Configure Analysis Services for Kerberos constrained delegation](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/instances/configure-analysis-services-for-kerberos-constrained-delegation?view=asallproducts-allversions)
   *  [SPN registration for an Analysis Services instance](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/instances/spn-registration-for-an-analysis-services-instance?view=asallproducts-allversions)
   
## **Recommended Documents**
* [Connect to SQL Server Analysis Services ](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/instances/authentication-methodologies-supported-by-analysis-services?view=asallproducts-allversions)
* [Analysis Services Client libraries](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/client-libraries?view=asallproducts-allversions)
* [Configure the Windows Firewall to allow Analysis Services access](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/instances/configure-the-windows-firewall-to-allow-analysis-services-access?view=asallproducts-allversions)
* [Resolving common connectivity issues in SQL Server 2005 Analysis Services connectivity scenarios](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/sql/sql-server-2005/administrator/cc917670(v=technet.10)?redirectedfrom=MSDN). This document is a few years old, but the information and methodologies still apply.
