<properties
  pagetitle="Azure DevOps Services buying marketplace extensions"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="rajr"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32572363"
  productpesids="15543"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  articleid="f25c504f-ff64-4647-b171-a4d01f9fc9af"
  ownershipid="Azure_DevOps_Services" />
# Azure DevOps Services buying marketplace extensions

Most users are able to resolve their issues buying marketplace extensions using the steps below.

## **Recommended Steps**
* Before you create a support request, please check if there is an outage going on at [Azure DevOps Services Status](https://status.dev.azure.com)
* Want a quicker answer? For quick answers to common questions and issues, try the [Azure DevOps Virtual Agent](https://azuredevopsvirtualagent.azurewebsites.net/)


### **Buying Azure DevOps marketplace extensions**

* **Why can't I buy 3rd party extensions for Azure DevOps in the marketplace?**
Microsoft does not handle the billing and licensing for 3rd party extensions to Azure DevOps. Please refer to the pricing tab in the marketplace extension for the price, billing and licensing details.

* **How do I install Azure DevOps extensions from marketplace?**
Please refer to our public documentation on [how to install extensions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/marketplace/install-extension?view=azure-devops&tabs=browser).

* **What permissions do I need to install Azure DevOps extensions from marketplace?**
Only Project Collection Administrators or organization Owners can install extensions. If you don't have permissions, you can request extensions instead.

* **How do I install private Azure DevOps extensions?**
Private extensions must be shared with your organization to be installed. Check out the [publishing documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/extend/publish/overview?view=azure-devops#upload) for information on how to share private extensions.

* **How do I convert an extension from trial to paid?**
Please refer to the pricing tab in the marketplace extension for the details on converting an extension from trial to paid.