<properties
  pagetitle="SAP Cloud Platform Enterprise Messaging"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="andywu"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32729203"
  productpesids="17029"
  cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
  articleid="f4fd68cd-32d2-4243-bacd-b89e8283759a"
  ownershipid="Compute_VirtualMachines" />
# SAP Cloud Platform Enterprise Messaging

Most users are able to resolve their issue using the steps below.

## **Recommended Steps**

What is the recommendation of structuring the namespace?
- The recommended way of structuring the namespace is <company>/<org-domain>/<service> e.g. sap/billing/sbsvcfor SaaS scenarios. For non-SaaS, the suffix svc is not required. For example: sap/myorgdomain/1

When calling the REST Management API (for example, creation/deletion) a 403 Forbidden is returned. 
- The **management** option is most probably not set to **true** in the service descriptor json. You need to [add management true to your json file](https://help.sap.com/viewer/bf82e6b26456494cbdd197057c09979f/Cloud/en-US/d0483a9e38434f23a4579d6fcc72654b.html) and update the service instance

What AMQP library is used in the samples?
- The library is based on Apache QPID with JMS. The EMJAPI provided is simply a wrapper of that library and helps fetch the token

Does the EMS Java client support connection pooling out of the box?
- No. You can use the spring caching connection factory for pooling

When sending/receiving a message to/from the REST endpoint, I always get the response: 404 Provide a valid HTTP route or method
- The topic/queue name needs to be URL encoded. For example:
Queue Name: sap/sample/001/q1
After URL encoding: sap%2Fsample%2F001%2Fq1
Resulting REST call: https://enterprise-messaging-pubsub.cfapps.eu10.hana.ondemand.com/messagingrest/v1/queues/sap%2Fsample%2F001%2Fq1/messages

Why do I receive 403 Forbidden response when I try to publish/consume messages with REST?
- Check if the client you are using has "messagingrest" capability turned on (in service descriptor )
- Also check the "rules" section of service descriptor if publish/consume on this queue/topic is allowed

Why is message consumption API "POST" and not "GET"?
- Because consuming a message changes the state of the queue. Message is deleted from the queue after it is consumed

Why is my webhook in "temporarily inactive" state?
- This may happen during an unplanned outage or problem with your event bus. This often auto-heals within hours. If your webhook stays in this state for a longer time, create a support ticket

Why is my webhook in "paused" state?
- You or an admin manually paused the webhook (using UI or API)
- The queue for this webhook was deleted
- Waiting for a "handshake"
- You have exceeded the maximum number of active webhook subscriptions allowed. Limits are documented in the [help portal](https://help.sap.com/viewer/bf82e6b26456494cbdd197057c09979f/Cloud/en-US/3f424ff1ae3b4bc084c4f1ea0be96f54.html)
- Your webhook URL is down or responding with 4xx or 5xx errors repeatedly and for a long time
- Your webhook subscription is idle for a long time (no messages in the queue for many months)

Why am I not receiving messages on my webhook? How can I troubleshoot why messages stopped coming to my webhook?
- Webhook subscription is not paused
- Webhook subscription is not in "temporarily inactive" state
- Your webhook application is not rejecting messages
- Check the "lastSuccessfulDelivery", "lastFailedDelivery", and "lastFailedDeliveryReason" of your webhook subscription using UI or API
- You may have another active consumer on the queue which is consuming all the message

Can I give an OnPremise URL as webhook?
- Yes, assuming you have already set up Cloud Connector

## **Recommended Documents**

* [SAP Cloud Platform Enterprise Messaging](https://help.sap.com/viewer/bf82e6b26456494cbdd197057c09979f/Cloud/en-US/df532e8735eb4322b00bfc7e42f84e8d.html)
* [Syntax for Naming Queues, Topics, and Topic Patterns](https://help.sap.com/viewer/bf82e6b26456494cbdd197057c09979f/Cloud/en-US/72ac1fad2dd34c4886d672e66b22b54b.html)
