<properties
	pageTitle="Troubleshoot connectivity issues to and from the internet"
	description="Troubleshoot connectivity issues to and from the internet"
	service="microsoft.network"
	resource="virtualnetworks"
	authors=""
	ms.author="ywan, mariliu"
	displayOrder=""
	selfHelpType="Apollo"
	supportTopicIds="1cf9558a-158d-50ec-534a-9d5fc3b44139"
	resourceTags=""
	productPesIds="15526"
	cloudEnvironments="public, Fairfax, usnat, ussec"
	articleId="f5b87b2f-3d52-43a4-b692-b83fd7707408"
	ownershipId="CloudNet_VirtualNetwork"
/>

# Diagnose and troubleshoot Azure connectivity issues to and from the internet
:::Section Insights:::
## **Troubleshoot connectivity issues between Azure VM and Internet**

Using the diagnostics and recommended resources below can help you troubleshoot most of the connectivity issues to or from Internet. Please provide feedback for the solution. We'd like to continue improving your self-help experience. 

The first diagnostic needs your input and checks security rules and routes. You will find a list of VM(s) in the virtual network you selected before. Make sure that your VM is turned on (<a href='https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/states-lifecycle#power-states'>Running Status</a>), or the tool won't detect the issue. The diagnostic takes about 30 seconds to complete. 

The second one probes common issues on your selected VM network interface. If both diagnostics can't detect any issue, the recommended steps and documents are useful assets to help you troubleshoot further. 

### **Connectivity diagnsotics**

<Insight>
<symptomId>VmInVnetFromPortalInsightDiagnostic</symptomId>
<executionText>We are running diagnostic based on your input to detect security rules and routing issues.</executionText>
<timeoutText>We stopped the check, as it was taking too long.</timeoutText> 
<noResultText>Our diagnostic can't find common issue based on your selection. Please review the other diagnsotic, recommended steps and documents.</noResultText> 
<additionalInputsReq>true</additionalInputsReq>
</Insight>

### **VM Network Health**

<Insight>
<symptomId>VmNwHealthMaxFlowLimit</symptomId>
<executionText>We are running a diagnostic on your VM network interface to detect common issues.</executionText>
<timeoutText>We stopped the check, as it was taking too long.</timeoutText> 
<noResultText>Our diagnostic didn’t find any issues with your VM network interface.  Please review the other diagnostics, recommended steps and documents.</noResultText> 
<additionalInputsReq>false</additionalInputsReq>
</Insight>

## **Recommended Steps**

1. [Click to troubleshoot connectivity issues to the internet](data-blade:microsoft_azure_network.NetworkWatcherConnectivityBlade.sourceId.$resourceId)
2. Use [IP flow verify](data-blade:microsoft_azure_network.verifyipflowblade.id.$subscriptionId) to check if traffic is allowed or denied to or from a VM<br>
3. Use [Next hop](data-blade:microsoft_azure_network.getnexthopblade.id.$subscriptionId) for routes to find next hop type and IP address of packet from a specific VM and NIC<br>
4. Use [Packet capture](data-blade:microsoft_azure_network.networkwatcherpacketcaptureblade.id.$subscriptionId) to track traffic to and from a VM<br>

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Troubleshoot Connectivity problems: Cannot connect to Internet](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/troubleshoot-vm-connectivity)<br>
* [Fix your **Network Virtual Appliance (NVA)**](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/virtual-network-troubleshoot-nva)<br>
* [Solve **VNet Peering** issues - Answer 3 questions](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-network/virtual-network-troubleshoot-peering-issues)
