<properties
  pagetitle="SSAS Management and Operation"
  service="microsoft.sqlvirtualmachine"
  resource="sqlvirtualmachines"
  ms.author="ujpat"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32779860"
  productpesids="14745"
  cloudenvironments="public, fairfax, mooncake, blackforest, ussec, usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="f73066b0-45c5-4d3a-bba7-e2123e63405d"
  ownershipid="AzureData_AzureSQLVM" />
# SSAS Management and Operation

## **Recommended Steps**

Most users can resolve issues with SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) Server Properties, Backup and Restore, Synchronization, DBCC and attach and detach SSAS databases by using the following information.

* **Need to change the SQL Server Analysis Services server mode**

 When installing the Analysis Services instance, make that [the mode of SQL Server Analysis Services server is determined](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/instances/determine-the-server-mode-of-an-analysis-services-instance?view=asallproducts-allversions) and configured. Changing the server mode after installation is not supported. To change the server mode, uninstall the Analysis services instance and install the instance with the server mode that you want.


* **Need to change the SQL Server Analysis Services server properties**

The server configuration [properties](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/server-properties/server-properties-in-analysis-services?view=asallproducts-allversions) of an SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) instance should be modified only by SSAS administrators. To configure server properties, use SQL Server Management Studio. 

Properties pages in SQL Server Management Studio show a subset of the properties most likely to be modified. The advanced property should be changed only under the guidance of Microsoft support.
   
* **SSAS Database Backup and Restore Common Errors**

    - **Restore failed.** The backup file can only be restored on a server running in Multidimensional mode.

      This can occur if you try to take a backup from Analysis Services in a Multidimensional instance and try to restore to Analysis Services in tabular instance. Restore operation requires the same server type. Take a good backup from Analysis Services tabular instance and restore it to Analysis Services in tabular instance.

    - **Backup and restore errors:** Operation failed. Backup version (ver=150) is not recognized by the server. It may have been created by a newer version of Analysis Services.

      This can occur if you try to take a backup from Analysis Services in Tabular instance and try to restore onto Analysis Services in Multidimensional instance. Restore operation requires the same server type. Take a good backup from Analysis Services in Multidimensional instance and restore it to Analysis Services in Multidimensional instance.

   - The following **system error** occurred: The file exists. File '\\?\...\FileName.abf' specified in Restore command is damaged or is not an AS backup file.

     This can occur if you try to restore an incompatible (wrong version) backup file to Analysis Services instance, such as trying to restore a database from a SQL Server Analysis Services 2016 instance to an earlier version of Analysis Services. Restore location must be an Analysis Services instance that is the same version, or a newer version, as the instance from which the backup was taken.


* **SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS) Synchronization error**

   To resolve errors, verify the following: 
    - You are members of the administrators group in the destination Analysis Services. 
    - Both the source and destination servers are in the same version and service pack.
    - The server deployment mode is identical on each server. 
    - If it runs under the Windows account, check that the Windows account has access to the source Analysis Services. For more information about server administrator roles and database permissions, see [Post-install configuration (Analysis Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/analysis-services/instances/post-install-configuration-analysis-services?view=asallproducts-allversions)

  For slowness, verify the following: 
    - Check for antivirus exceptions and filter drivers. Troubleshoot by disabling antivirus and try synchronization.
    - Check network bandwidth if destination and source Analysis Services are on separate servers.
    - Database size is a factor in SSAS synchronization. Perform testing and benchmark to determine if synchronization is the correct approach to move SSAS databases.

* **SSAS Database consistency Check (DBCC) , Databases Recovery, SSAS Databases Corruption"**

     - **Errors in the metadata manager. An error occurred when loading the CubeName cube, from the file '…'. Backup and restore errors: An error occurred while synchronizing the 'DBName' database. Server: The operation has been cancelled. Backup and restore errors.**

        This can occur if you try to synchronize a corrupted database, or restore from a corrupted database backup, or back up a corrupted database in Analysis Services. Run DBCC to check the Analysis Services database integrity on the source Analysis Services before performing the operation.

   - **Errors in the metadata manager, or observe missing database in Analysis Services in SSMS**
                                
     This can occur if Analysis Services detects database corruption during startup, the database becomes inaccessible. Check the Analysis Services log for error or metadata error.


* **Attach and Detach Analysis Services Databases**

     - **The following error occurred while opening the file '\\?\...\DatabaseName.detach_log': The system cannot find the path specified.** 

       This can occur if you try to detach a database. The startup account of analysis services does not have the correct permission to the create or access the target detach log specified in the error message. Check the account permission to the database data location.

  - **The detach log ‘\\?\...\DatabaseName.detach_log' could not be found in the specified database folder. The database cannot be attached because an error occurred while loading the detach log from the file '\\?\...\DatabaseName.detach_log' One possible reason is that database is already attached in Read/Write mode to another server instance.**

    This can occur if you try to attach a detached SSAS database but the detach log could not be found in the specified database folder, or the database was already attached in Read/Write mode to another server instance.


## **Recommended Documents**

* [SSASDiag Data Collection Tool for Cause Analysis](https://github.com/ssasdiag/SSASDiag/releases)
* [SSAS Memory Properties](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/server-properties/memory-properties?view=asallproducts-allversions)
* [Backup and Restore of SSAS databases](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/multidimensional-models/backup-and-restore-of-analysis-services-databases?view=asallproducts-allversions) 
* [Synchronize Analysis Services databases](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/multidimensional-models/synchronize-analysis-services-databases?view=asallproducts-allversions)
* [DBCC for Analysis Services](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/instances/database-consistency-checker-dbcc-for-analysis-services?view=asallproducts-allversions)
* [Attach and Detach Analysis Services Databases](https://docs.microsoft.com/analysis-services/multidimensional-models/attach-and-detach-analysis-services-databases?view=asallproducts-allversions)
