<properties
  pagetitle="A Provider or Target is 'Unavailable' or 'Degraded'&#xD;"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="dasto"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32740193,32740195"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="17040"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,usnat,ussec"
  articleid="f7ee66ed-36d0-4b3c-9302-8c8d02b2c8d2"
  ownershipid="Azure_Quantum" />
# A Provider or Target is 'Unavailable' or 'Degraded'

Quantum hardware today is highly complex and - as a result - targets may sometimes be offline or may not be performing at their regular capacity. When a target is not available to accept jobs it may show as 'offline', 'unavailable', or 'degraded'.

### **Why is a provider or target showing 'Unavailable', 'Offline', or 'Degraded'?**

Some third-party hardware providers do not operate all day and some operate regular maintenance on their hardware. This is often required for the hardware to run as expected given its complexity from an engineering perspective.

Azure Quantum allows hardware partners to take their offering offline which will stop you from queuing jobs until the hardware is back online.
Alternatively, they can mark their targets as 'degraded' which means that you can continue to queue jobs. Based on the hardware partner's maintenance policy, jobs may not be processed until the hardware is back online. In some cases our hardware partners continue to operate with less hardware overall, which will increase queue times.

Another use of the states is when the hardware is experiencing a genuine unforeseen issue. 
The states inform you that the hardware is either fully offline or not operating as expected.

### **What is the impact of the states?**

- Targets that are 'Unavailable' or 'Offline' do not accept jobs
- Targets that are 'Degraded' allow you to queue jobs. These jobs may be processed less quickly than expected or queue until the state changes.
  - Our [provider documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/overview-azure-quantum#providers-and-targets) and third-party hardware partners can provide more details on what 'Degraded' means for a particular target.

## **Recommended Steps**

- Ensure the provider/target combination that you are trying to specify is valid. Refer to the [provider documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/overview-azure-quantum#providers-and-targets) for further details.
- After you've verified that your target/provider combination is valid, revalidate the status, as it may be temporary.
- If you are trying to use a target that is belongs to a third-party provider, use their support process to inquire about the status of the provider and its targets.
  - Our documentation contains a support policy article for each provider (linked below)
- If you are targeting a Microsoft-owned provider/target combination or you think that the issue you are seeing is caused by the Azure Quantum service itself, open a support case to receive assistance.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Microsoft QIO Provider](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/provider-microsoft-qio)
* [IonQ Provider](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/provider-ionq)
* [Honeywell Provider](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/provider-honeywell)
* [1QBit provider](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/quantum/provider-1qbit)
