<properties
  pagetitle="Deploying the replication appliance (Configuration Server)"
  service="microsoft.migrate"
  resource="migrateprojects"
  ms.author="anvar,rahugup"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32755159,32755160"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="16348"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  articleid="f88d748a-2718-4230-9b11-7cd3bb8700ca"
  ownershipid="Compute_AzureMigrate" />
# Deploying the replication appliance (Configuration Server)

## **Recommended Steps**
 
- Ensure that that replication appliance is configured on a different machine from the one used for Azure Migrate discovery and assessment
- Ensure that the replication appliance is not configured on the source machine to be replicated

### **Issues with push or manual Mobility service agent installation**
1. Machines with Secure Boot aren't supported. Disable Secure Boot, and retry installation. 
2. Check if installation failed due to missing [OS updates](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137871)
3. Check if installation failed due to insufficient boot space on [Linux VMs](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2137964)

For other errors with Mobility Service installation, see the [troubleshooting article](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2148755). 

### **Troubleshoot source machines that aren't available for replication**
This issue occurs most often when there are duplicate entries in the system. See the [troubleshooting article](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2148986).

### **Upgrade replication appliance and Mobility service agents**
To upgrade the Configuration Server, navigate to Overview > Infrastructure Serversj, and click **Agent version** and follow the steps.

To upgrade the Mobility service, do the following:
1. [Locate the installer files](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2148838)
2. Copy the installation file on to the protected machine, and run it to update the mobility agent.\

### **Troubleshoot issues with replication appliance (Configuration Server)**
For troubleshooting common issues with replication appliance installation, see the [troubleshooting article](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2149008) 


### **Configuration Server registration failing due to permissions (requires admin approval)**
If you are deploying the replication appliance on VMware using the .ova template, you'll need permissions to register an AAD application and to consent to delegated permissions to access resources. You'll see a message asking for admin approval during appliance configuration if the tenant administrator of your Azure account hasn't given you permissions to provide user consent. [Learn more](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2140829).

If you are unable to consent to the necessary permissions, do one of the following:

- Ask your tenant admin to provide all users in the tenant the ability to consent to delegate permissions
- Ask your tenant admin to assign the 'Application Developer' role to you. [Learn more](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2140830)
- Ask your tenant admin to grant consent to the AAD application created by the replication appliance (the AAD application name is displayed when admin approval is requested)

If none of the preceding options are feasible, you can install the replication appliance software on a Windows Server 2016 machine using the software installer. [Prepare the replication appliance](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2141034) as you would for migration of physical servers. The registration experience for the installer based replication appliance doesn't register an AAD app and doesn't require the AAD roles/permissions previously referenced.

After completing registration of the appliance, finalize registration of the replication appliance. Click **Discover** on the Server Migration tool tile in the Azure portal > Select **VMware**, install new replication appliance, select the replication appliance that you registered by friendly name, and click **Finalize registration**.

To add a vCenter, click **Overview** on the Server Migration tool tile, select **Infrastructure Servers** from the left menu, and select the replication appliance to drill down to the replication appliance page. Click **+vCenter** on the replication appliance page to add a vCenter server to the appliance.
