<properties
  pagetitle="Execution of schedule or tumbling window trigger&#xD;"
  description="Troubleshoot Azure Data Factory Trigger execution issues."
  service="microsoft.datafactory"
  resource="factories"
  ms.author="spagarwa"
  selfhelptype="Generic"
  supporttopicids="32749443"
  resourcetags=""
  productpesids="15613"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,usnat,ussec"
  articleid="fe0d087b-b432-4a96-b1a0-baeafc6494ee"
  ownershipid="AzureData_DataFactory" />
# Execution of schedule or tumbling window trigger

## **Recommended Steps**

### Trigger run status dependency on the triggered pipeline runs

* Schedule trigger does not depend on the success of the triggered pipelines. If it is able to initiate runs for all linked pipelines, it will be marked as a success run. [Schedule trigger creation](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/how-to-create-schedule-trigger).
* Tumbling window triggers depends on the success of the linked pipeline. If the initiated pipeline run fails or is cancelled, the parent trigger run will inherit/reflect the status of the pipeline. [Tumbling Window Trigger details regarding execution](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/how-to-create-tumbling-window-trigger).
* Both schedule and tumbling window triggers can be used to run pipelines on set time/schedules/windows. But Tumbling window trigger is a more robust alternative for schedule trigger, offering a suite of features for complex scenarios (such as, dependency on other tumbling window triggers, rerunning a failed job, and setting user retry for pipelines). To understand further the difference between these scenarios, visit this [link](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/concepts-pipeline-execution-triggers#trigger-type-comparison).

### Trigger run dependency resolution

* Only Tumbling window triggers support dependency on other tumbling window triggers. Offsets and window size can be tricky to set during dependency creation. Verify using [these examples](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/tumbling-window-trigger-dependency#usage-scenarios-and-examples) that the intended behavior is correctly configured on trigger dependency definition and published before the runs start.
* If the run is stuck on upstream dependencies, check the second half of the [video on this page](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/tumbling-window-trigger-dependency) to understand how you can identify the detailed status of why the run is stuck. The [example screenshots here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/tumbling-window-trigger-dependency) can help you identify the root failure in the dependency chain.
* If the identified reason of the run being stuck is a failed upstream run, rerun the upstream run to unblock  downstream trigger runs.
* If all the upstream runs are succeeded for the dependency window (represented in the **gantt chart** view of run dependencies), cancel the current run and rerun so that the dependency evaluation can pick up the latest status of upstream trigger runs.

## **Recommended Documents**
* [Cancelling and Rerunning a Tumbling Window Trigger](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/data-factory/how-to-create-tumbling-window-trigger#cancel-tumbling-window-run)
