articles/partnercenter/incentives-enrollment-permissions-determining-program-eligibility.md, before:

<properties
	pageTitle="Determining program eligibility"
	description="Determining program eligibility"
	infoBubbleText=""
	service="partnercenter"
	resource="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
	authors="Kim-Davis"
	ms.author="kashanum"
	displayOrder=""
	articleId="incentives-enrollment-permissions-enrollment-determining-program-eligibility"
	diagnosticScenario=""
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds="32739537"
	clientIds='partnercenter'
	resourceTags="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
	productPesIds="17005"
	cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
	ownershipId="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
/>

# Partner Center Incentives: Determining program eligibility

## **Recommended Steps**

Each Incentives program has certain requirements for eligibility. These Program Eligibility requirements are designed to ensure that you have all of the appropriate agreements signed, Competencies earned, revenue forecast, and other necessary prerequisites for your Incentives program to succeed. 
You can find the specific eligibility requirements for your program in the program guide. 

**To see your program guide:**

1. Sign into the [Partner Center dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard).
2. Under **Incentives** on the left nav, select **Overview**. This will open the **Program overview** page. 
3. Select the program you want, to open that page.
4. In the **Program details** field, select **Program Guide**.

Commit message:

add recommended docs in incentives-enrollment-permissions-determining-program-eligibility

articles/partnercenter/incentives-enrollment-permissions-determining-program-eligibility.md, after:

<properties
	pageTitle="Determining program eligibility"
	description="Determining program eligibility"
	infoBubbleText=""
	service="partnercenter"
	resource="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
	authors="Kim-Davis"
	ms.author="kashanum"
	displayOrder=""
	articleId="incentives-enrollment-permissions-enrollment-determining-program-eligibility"
	diagnosticScenario=""
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds="32739537"
	clientIds='partnercenter'
	resourceTags="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
	productPesIds="17005"
	cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
	ownershipId="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
/>

# Partner Center Incentives: Determining program eligibility

## **Recommended Steps**

Each Incentives program has certain requirements for eligibility. These Program Eligibility requirements are designed to ensure that you have all of the appropriate agreements signed, Competencies earned, revenue forecast, and other necessary prerequisites for your Incentives program to succeed. 
You can find the specific eligibility requirements for your program in the program guide. 

**To see your program guide:**

1. Sign into the [Partner Center dashboard](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard).
2. Under **Incentives** on the left nav, select **Overview**. This will open the **Program overview** page. 
3. Select the program you want, to open that page.
4. In the **Program details** field, select **Program Guide**.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Determine your program eligibility](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/incentives-determined-your-program-eligibility)
* [View your incentive payments and programs](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/understand-incentive-payouts)
