articles/partnercenter/incentives-earnings-earnings-reconcilliation.md, before:

<properties
	pageTitle="Earnings reconciliation"
	description="Earnings reconciliation"
	infoBubbleText=""
	service="partnercenter"
	resource="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
	authors="Kim-Davis"
	ms.author="diadam"
	displayOrder=""
	articleId="incentives-earnings-earnings-reconciliation"
	diagnosticScenario=""
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds="32739539"
	clientIds='partnercenter'
	resourceTags="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
	productPesIds="17005"
	cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
	ownershipId="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
/>

# Partner Center Incentives: Earnings reconciliation

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Understanding export files](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/understand-incentive-payouts#export-data-page)
* [Opening CSV transaction files in Excel internationally](https://support.office.com/article/Import-or-export-text-txt-or-csv-files-5250ac4c-663c-47ce-937b-339e391393ba)
* [Modifying regional settings to improve CSV delimiting accuracy in Excel](https://support.office.com/article/Change-the-Windows-regional-settings-to-modify-the-appearance-of-some-data-types-EDF41006-F6E2-4360-BC1B-30E9E8A54989)
* [Understanding earnings/payments discrepancies](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4534675)

Commit message:

add recommended steps and docs in incentives-earnings-earnings-reconcilliation

articles/partnercenter/incentives-earnings-earnings-reconcilliation.md, after:

<properties
	pageTitle="Earnings reconciliation"
	description="Earnings reconciliation"
	infoBubbleText=""
	service="partnercenter"
	resource="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
	authors="Kim-Davis"
	ms.author="diadam"
	displayOrder=""
	articleId="incentives-earnings-earnings-reconciliation"
	diagnosticScenario=""
	selfHelpType="generic"
	supportTopicIds="32739539"
	clientIds='partnercenter'
	resourceTags="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
	productPesIds="17005"
	cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
	ownershipId="PartnerCenter_Incentives"
/>

# Partner Center Incentives: Earnings reconciliation

## **Recommended Steps**

If there’s a discrepancy in your earnings, complete the following steps:
1. **Verify that you’re eligible for earnings.** Earnings will be available only if you meet Operational Eligibility Requirements, that is, enrolled to the respective program earning period.
2. **Verify that your payment profile is complete.** Your incentive earnings start date will be the first day of the month in which you’ve completed all of the eligibility requirements, including onboarding with payout and tax details. Earnings will not be available for the months prior to payout and tax completion. For example, if you complete all of the requirements during the month of April 2020, your earnings start date will be April 1, 2020.
3. **Verify that you’ve met the requirements.** Check to see whether you have met the [eligibility](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/incentives-payment-issues#my-payment-is-missing-or-incorrect) and eligible revenue rules for the incentive you’re looking for.
4. **Determine whether there’s been a discrepancy.** If you meet both Partner eligibility and Eligible revenue rules and are still seeing incorrect earnings, see [How to identify earnings & payment discrepancy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4534675) for steps to access all earnings and respective transactions.  
If these actions don’t help and your earnings are still not reconciled, contact [support](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/support/incentives/servicerequests?category=incentives).  
You can also learn more about Earnings by accessing the Recommended Documents below.

## **Recommended Documents**

* [Troubleshooting payments and earnings issues](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/incentives-payment-issues)
* [Understanding export files](https://docs.microsoft.com/partner-center/understand-incentive-payouts#export-data-page)
* [Opening CSV transaction files in Excel internationally](https://support.office.com/article/Import-or-export-text-txt-or-csv-files-5250ac4c-663c-47ce-937b-339e391393ba)
* [Modifying regional settings to improve CSV delimiting accuracy in Excel](https://support.office.com/article/Change-the-Windows-regional-settings-to-modify-the-appearance-of-some-data-types-EDF41006-F6E2-4360-BC1B-30E9E8A54989)
* [Understanding earnings/payments discrepancies](https://support.microsoft.com/help/4534675)
