<properties
 pageTitle="C Confirm firewall is secured"
 description="C Confirm firewall is secured"
 service="Microsoft.network"
 resource="Microsoft.network/virtualWans"
 authors="CloudNet_VirtualWAN"
 ms.author="CloudNet_VirtualWAN"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="e8a68eb4-449d-46ba-b7a9-2eeefe41ffa4"
 ownershipId="CloudNet_VirtualWAN"
/>

# C Confirm firewall is secured

Ask customer to make the HUB secured using the steps below.

	Note: Make sure HUB and Routing status are succeeded and provisioned.

1. Open the HUB
1. In the left panel, under security, click on "Convert to secure hub"
1. In the Azure Firewall tab make sure the toggle button is set to "Enabled" 
1. Then hit create.
1. Create a policy with rules to allow and deny traffic, and associate it to the firewall 

Check and make sure the below flag is enabled:
Azure Firewall Manager--> Security Configuration-->Private traffic Send via Azure firewall

	Note: If customer wants internet traffic they can enable internet traffic via Azure firewall too.

By default, RFC 1918 prefixes are automatically included in the private traffic range. However, if your customer uses public IP ranges in Virtual Networks and Branch Offices, you will need to specify those IP prefixes explicitly. The public IP prefixes can be specified individually or as aggregates.
	
To add those public IP prefixes customer is using in Virtual Networks and Branch Offices use the below steps:

* Azure Firewall Manager--> Security Configuration-->Private traffic Send via Azure firewall (enabled)
* Then, open the “Private traffic prefixes” tab next to the private traffic drop down and add those public IP prefixes customer is using in Virtual Networks and Branch Offices.

Once the above is done, you should see RFC1918 and all the public IP address prefixes customer added to “Private traffic prefixes” tab populated in default route table static routes. (If internet traffic is also enabled, you'll see 0/0 route too in default route table static routes)