<properties
    pageTitle="This host is about to get deallocated. Hosted virtual machines should be redeployed to another host. "
    description="This host is about to get deallocated. Hosted virtual machines should be redeployed to another host. "
    infoBubbleText="This host is about to get deallocated. Hosted virtual machines should be redeployed to another host. "
    service="Microsoft.Compute"
    resource="hosts"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Compute-hostGroups-hosts-healthannotation_DedicatedHostIsPendingDeallocate"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_DedicatedHostIsPendingDeallocate,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Azure Dedicated Host resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

This host {0} is about to get deallocated. Hosted virtual machines should be redeployed to another host.  We've determined that this host should be deallocated due to hardware issues. You should provision a new host amd move all virtual machines off this host. Once all virtual machines are moved, this host will turn deallocated and you will not be charged for it anymore. At this time, your virtual machines may still be running.
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.