<properties
    pageTitle="We are sorry, your SQL database is unavailable due to reconfiguration. The Azure infrastructure has the ability to dynamically reconfigure servers when heavy workloads arise in the SQL Database service. This dynamic behavior might cause your client program to lose its connection to SQL Database. This kind of fault is called transient fault and usually lasts less than 60 seconds."
    description="We are sorry, your SQL database is unavailable due to reconfiguration. The Azure infrastructure has the ability to dynamically reconfigure servers when heavy workloads arise in the SQL Database service. This dynamic behavior might cause your client program to lose its connection to SQL Database. This kind of fault is called transient fault and usually lasts less than 60 seconds."
    infoBubbleText="We are sorry, your SQL database is unavailable due to reconfiguration. The Azure infrastructure has the ability to dynamically reconfigure servers when heavy workloads arise in the SQL Database service. This dynamic behavior might cause your client program to lose its connection to SQL Database. This kind of fault is called transient fault and usually lasts less than 60 seconds."
    service="Microsoft.Sql"
    resource="databases"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Sql-servers-databases-healthannotation_SQL_Reconfigurations"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_SQL_Reconfigurations,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your SQL database resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->::

We are sorry, your SQL database is unavailable due to reconfiguration. The Azure infrastructure has the ability to dynamically reconfigure servers when heavy workloads arise in the SQL Database service. This dynamic behavior might cause your client program to lose its connection to SQL Database. This kind of fault is called transient fault and usually lasts less than 60 seconds. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.