<properties
    pageTitle="We're sorry your SQL database is experiencing transient login failures. Currently, Azure shows the impacted time period for your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual impact is likely less than a minute – average is 2s."
    description="We're sorry your SQL database is experiencing transient login failures. Currently, Azure shows the impacted time period for your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual impact is likely less than a minute – average is 2s."
    infoBubbleText="We're sorry your SQL database is experiencing transient login failures. Currently, Azure shows the impacted time period for your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual impact is likely less than a minute – average is 2s."
    service="Microsoft.Sql"
    resource="databases"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Sql-servers-databases-healthannotation_NO_REASON_Standard_Degraded"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_NO_REASON_Standard_Degraded,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your SQL database resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->::

We're sorry your SQL database is experiencing transient login failures. Currently, Azure shows the impacted time period for your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual impact is likely less than a minute – average is 2s. We're working to determine the source of the problem
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.