<properties
    pageTitle="Your database was being moved to ensure it had the resources required for its performance tier.  This is a transient occasional operation.  Currently, Azure shows the downtime for your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual downtime may be less than that"
    description="Your database was being moved to ensure it had the resources required for its performance tier.  This is a transient occasional operation.  Currently, Azure shows the downtime for your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual downtime may be less than that"
    infoBubbleText="Your database was being moved to ensure it had the resources required for its performance tier.  This is a transient occasional operation.  Currently, Azure shows the downtime for your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual downtime may be less than that"
    service="Microsoft.Sql"
    resource="databases"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Sql-servers-databases-healthannotation_SQL_Resource_Balancing_Standard"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_SQL_Resource_Balancing_Standard,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
    ownershipId="AzureData_AzureSQLDB"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your SQL database resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

Your database was being moved to ensure it had the resources required for its performance tier.  This is a transient occasional operation.  Currently, Azure shows the downtime for your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual downtime may be less than that 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.