<properties
    pageTitle="Your database was resuming and the login timed out before the resume was complete.  Currently, Azure shows failure to login to your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual login failure time may be less than that."
    description="Your database was resuming and the login timed out before the resume was complete.  Currently, Azure shows failure to login to your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual login failure time may be less than that."
    infoBubbleText="Your database was resuming and the login timed out before the resume was complete.  Currently, Azure shows failure to login to your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual login failure time may be less than that."
    service="Microsoft.Sql"
    resource="databases"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Sql-servers-databases-healthannotation_SQL_Pause_Resume_Standard"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_SQL_Pause_Resume_Standard,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
    ownershipId="AzureData_AzureSQLDB"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your SQL database resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

Your database was resuming and the login timed out before the resume was complete.  Currently, Azure shows failure to login to your SQL database resource at a two-minute granularity. The actual login failure time may be less than that. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.