<properties
 pageTitle="Storage Connectivity Issue or Notebook Times out"
 description="Storage Connectivity Issue or Notebook Times out"
 service="Microsoft.Databricks"
 resource="Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces"
 authors="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 ms.author="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="ff31cbbe-9968-4e15-87e5-71c7aa7d371e"
 ownershipId="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
/>

# Storage Connectivity Issue or Notebook Times out

### Symptom

Databricks could not access a storage account when firewall is enabled on storage. 
Or Notebook keeps running with no error /times out.


### Troubleshooting

1. Collect these details:

   * Storage account type - ADLS Gen1/ADLS Gen2/ Blob
   * Storage auth mode - Key, SP, or Passthrough
   * Cluster URL
   * Notebook URL or Mount 
   * Network configs - Firewall rules, NSG, Endpoints, UDR of both subnets
   * Does it have AD endpoint enabled for SP based authentication? 

2. Is the databricks VNet whitelisted in the firewall of storage account?
 
3. Is the SP or key using correct credentials? 

4. If issues persist, enable diagnostic logs from storage firewall and capture the IP that is making call to storage. 

5. If the storage is using SP or any AD based authentication, it needs AD endpoint enabled.

### Solution

- If the firewall does not have databricks VNet whitelisted, whitelist and try. 

- If the error states the storage has no enough permissions, check the key or access and make sure it has contributor or full permissions over storage account.  

- If the storage have all permissions and routes needed but notebook keeps running with no error. It should be using autherntication method that needs AD access. Enable AD endpoint on both Databricks subnets and retry. 


### Next Steps

If issues persist after validating the above, ask SME on Ava and involve storage team if needed.
