<properties
 pageTitle="Could not connect to DB or JDBC connection times out"
 description="Could not connect to DB or JDBC connection times out"
 service="Microsoft.Databricks"
 resource="Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces"
 authors="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 ms.author="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="48f7ea46-06b0-4141-8fae-3b537b791906"
 ownershipId="AzureData_AzureDatabricks"
/>

# Could not connect to DB or JDBC connection times out

### Symptom

Could not connect to MySQL, Postgres, or JDBC connection to Database times out getting error(s) like:

`OperationalError: could not connect to server: Connection timed out` <br />

`Database '<dbname>' on server '[REDACTED].database.windows.net' is not currently available. Please retry the connection later`<br />

`The TCP/IP connection to the host [REDACTED].westeurope1-a.worker.database.windows.net, port 11042 has failed. Error: 'connect timed out. Verify the connection properties. Make sure that an instance of SQL Server is running on the host and accepting TCP/IP connections at the port. Make sure that TCP connections to the port are not blocked by a firewall.`<br />

### Troubleshooting

1. Are you able to nslookup the database with FQDN mysql.database.windows.com or postgress server123.com from notebook?

    Example: 
	<br />
	<br />
    *Postgres*

		%sh  telnet testprogress.postgres.database.azure.com 5432
		Trying 191.238.6.43...
		Connected to cr1.eastus1-a.control.database.windows.net
		Escape character is '^]'

	  *MySQL*

		%sh telnet consolidated-westus-prod-metastore.mysql.database.azure.com 3306
		Trying 104.42.238.205...
		Connected to cr2.westus1-a.control.database.windows.net
		Escape character is '^]'

2. Are you able to tracert to mysql.database.windows.com or postgress server123.com from notebook?

3. Is issue specific to cluster or all clusters?

4. Is the databricks VNet whitelisted in the firewall of Azure Database?

5. Is there a SQL endpoint or route available to database? 


### Solution

1. If the firewall does not have databricks VNet whitelisted, whitelist it and try.

2. If nslookup fails, customer may be using custom DNS. Try to change a DNS that works and point to ARR. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-name-resolution-for-vms-and-role-instances. 

3. If traceroute fails, add a route with adding SQL endpoint or private endpoint and attach it to Azure Databricks VNet. 

4. If traffic is routed through firewall or proxy, make sure to add a rule to allow traffic to mysql.database.windows.com or postgress server123.com.
