<properties
 pageTitle="Resource Provider Is Not Registered "
 description="Resource Provider Is Not Registered "
 service="Microsoft.Network"
 resource="Microsoft.Network/networkSecurityGroups"
 authors="CloudNet_NetworkWatcher"
 ms.author="CloudNet_NetworkWatcher"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="d789a618-ea00-4daf-9651-314d9ff5a7ae"
 ownershipId="CloudNet_NetworkWatcher"
/>

# Resource Provider Is Not Registered 

<!--issueDescription-->

### How to enable a Resource Provider<br>One or more of the required resource providers are not registered within the appropriate subscription(s). <br><br>For Portal Instructions: <br>#### In the Azure portal:<br><br>Select Subscriptions on the left menu.<br>Select the subscription you're using for Event Grid.<br>On the left menu, under Settings, select Resource providers.<br>Find Microsoft.Insights.<br>If not registered, select Register.<br><br>It may take a moment for the registration to finish. Select Refresh to update the status. When Status is Registered, you're ready to continue.<br><br>Repeat the above for Microsoft.Insights and Microsoft.OperationalInsights. <br><br>#### For PowerShell Instructions<br>Run the following on the subscription containing the target storage account: <br><br>Register-AzResourceProvider -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.Insights<br><br>When also enabling Traffic Analytics, there is one additional resource provider that must be enabled. <br>Run the following on the subscription containing the target workspace: <br>Register-AzResourceProvider -ProviderNamespace Microsoft.OperationalInsights

<!--/issueDescription-->