<properties
 pageTitle="Validate if storage is blocking flow logs"
 description="Validate if storage is blocking flow logs"
 service="Microsoft.Network"
 resource="Microsoft.Network/networkSecurityGroups"
 authors="CloudNet_NetworkWatcher"
 ms.author="CloudNet_NetworkWatcher"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="4b1a9b25-086c-4e72-a88c-8c244c32f607"
 ownershipId="CloudNet_NetworkWatcher"
/>

# Validate if storage is blocking flow logs

Storage firewalls can block the receiving of NSG flow logs. Users must either allow all networks or specify the virtual networks flow logs are sourced from AND have Trusted Microsoft Services allowed.

### Validate Storage Firewall configuration. 

Check the Storage Account Network and Firewall Settings. There are four scenarios that we care about here. 

**Scenario 1:** All Networks are selected. This should be sufficient. 
**Scenario 2:** Selected Networks is selected. VMs with NSG Flow Logs are not included in the allowed networks. Flow Logging will fail. 
**Scenario 3:** Selected Networks is selected. VMs with NSG Flow Logs are included. The subnet has Microsoft.Storage as a service endpoint but Trusted Microsoft Services is not selected. Flow Logging will fail. 
**Scenario 4:** Selected Networks is selected. VMs with NSG Flow Logs are included. The subnet has Microsoft.Storage as a service endpoint and Trusted Microsoft Services is selected. This is sufficient. 

Scenarios 2 and 3 will require a configuration update for successful NSG Flow Logging. "
