<properties
    pageTitle="Troubleshoot issues with restoring from mysqldump"
    description="Troubleshoot issues with restoring from mysqldump into Azure Database for MySQL"
    service="microsoft.dbformysql"
    resource="servers"
    authors="mksuni"
    ms.author="sumuth,jtoland"
    displayOrder="560"
    selfHelpType="generic"
    supportTopicIds="32747995"
    resourceTags="servers, databases"
    productPesIds="16221"
    cloudEnvironments="public, Fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleId="2f343b14-ce12-4bf2-86f1-450f59e1d972"
    ownershipId="AzureData_AzureDatabaseforMySQL"
/>

# Troubleshoot issues with restoring from mysqldump

You can restore one or more databases from a file generated by **mysqldump**, which is commonly used to backup one or more databases. Most users can resolve their issue using the steps below.

## Fix it yourself

* Verify that the version of mysqldump and mysql.exe or MySQL Workbench tool you're using to restore the database is the same.
* View [common issues with restoring with mysqldump](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-database-for-mysql/tips-and-tricks-in-using-mysqldump-and-mysql-restore-to-azure/ba-p/916912)
* If you're getting a failed connection error during the restore of the database, it could be timing out if the database content being restored is large.You should increase the **max_allowed_packet**, **net_write_timeout**, **net_read_timeout** values to appropriate levels to fix the error. See [how to configure server parameters in CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/howto-configure-server-parameters-using-cli) or [how to configure server parameters in portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/howto-server-parameters).
* If you do not want to require function creators to have the SUPER privilege (for example, if all users with the CREATE ROUTINE privilege on your system are experienced application developers), update the server parameter ```log_bin_trust_function_creators``` system variable to ON. See [how to configure server parameters](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/howto-server-parameters).

* **Error 1227 "Access denied; you need (at least one of) the SUPER privilege(s) for this operation"**<br>
  This error occurs after importing a dump file that contains definers. While Azure Database for MySQL is a managed PaaS solution and SUPER privileges are restricted, you can enable [log_bin_trust_function_creators](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/concepts-server-parameters#log_bin_trust_function_creators) so that you can create definers without issue.

  For more information, see [ERROR 1227 (42000) at line 101: Access denied; you need (at least one of) the SUPER privilege(s) for this operation. Operation failed with exitcode 1](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/howto-troubleshoot-common-errors#error-1227-42000-at-line-101-access-denied-you-need-at-least-one-of-the-super-privileges-for-this-operation-operation-failed-with-exitcode-1).

* **Migrate Azure Database for MySQL server to another region?**<br> See [Move an Azure Database for MySQL server to another region by using the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/howto-move-regions-portal) or you may consider [Migrate your MySQL database to Azure Database for MySQL using dump and restore](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/concepts-migrate-dump-restore) and read [Move Azure Database for MySQL server into a different Azure subscription](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/azure-database-for-mysql/restore-your-azure-database-for-mysql-server-into-a-different/ba-p/1043570)

* **Migrate Azure Database for MySQL server to another subscription or resource group?**<br>
  See [Move resources to a new resource group or subscription](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/move-resource-group-and-subscription#use-the-portal).

* **Azure Portal says MySQL version 5.7 or 8.0, but the application is showing 5.6.47.0**<br>
Azure Database for MySQL uses a gateway to redirect connections to server instances. After the connection is established, the MySQL client displays the MySQL version set in the gateway, not the version running on your MySQL server instance. To connect to gateway that is version MySQL 5.7 using port number 3308 instead of 3306 and to connect through gateway that is running MySQL version 8.0 connect via port 3309.

  **Connection string examples:**<br>
  * Gateway 5.7: mysql -h servername.mysql.database.azure.com -u username@servername -P 3308 -p
  * Gateway 8.0: mysql -h servername.mysql.database.azure.com -u username@servername -P 3309 -p

## **Recommended documents**

* [mysqldump documentation](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/mysqldump.html)
* [How to configure server parameters in portal for Single server](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/mysql/howto-server-parameters)
