<properties
 pageTitle="Throttling guidance instructions"
 description="Throttling guidance instructions"
 service="Microsoft.KeyVault"
 resource="Microsoft.KeyVault/vaults"
 authors="AzureKeyVault_KeyVault"
 ms.author="AzureKeyVault_KeyVault"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="dee39b2a-86da-45a6-a816-85536eaecd7c"
 ownershipId="AzureKeyVault_KeyVault"
/>

# Throttling guidance instructions

If you were able to Identify 429 issues happening for this customer, please guide them to follow the instructions in here:  [Azure Key Vault throttling guidance | Microsoft Docs ](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/general/overview-throttling). Recommended techniques are: 

* Reduce number of requests made to the Key Vault by determining if there are patterns to a requested resource and attempting to cache them in the calling application. For instance: if an ASP.NET  Core application requests a database connection string from the Key Vault for every connection, consider requesting it once per 24 hours and cache the value if it is unlikely to change within a that time period. Caching for ASP.NET  Core is [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/performance/caching/memory?view=aspnetcore-2.2) 

* When Key Vault throttling occurs, adapt the requesting code to use a timed retry algorithm until it succeeds. Retrying immediately is not a recommended solution. The algorithm is explained [here]( https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/key-vault-ovw-throttling)

* If the number of requests cannot be reduced by caching and timed backoff does not work, then consider splitting the keys up into multiple Key Vaults. This is one of the more difficult solutions to enforce but is the most scalable. Please note that service limits in a single subscription are limited to 5x the individual Key Vault limit. If using more than 5 Key Vaults, consideration should be given to using multiple subscriptions. Reference: [Footnote #1](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/key-vault/key-vault-service-limits)

**Recommended client-side throttling method**

On HTTP error code 429, begin throttling your client using an exponential backoff approach:

1. Wait 1 second, retry request
2.  If still throttled wait 2 seconds, retry request
3.   If still throttled wait 4 seconds, retry request
4.   If still throttled wait 8 seconds, retry request
5.   If still throttled wait 16 seconds, retry request

At this point, you should not be getting HTTP 429 response codes.