<properties
    pageTitle="We are sorry, the health of your Front Door may be degraded. We are working to automatically recover your Front Door and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    description="We are sorry, the health of your Front Door may be degraded. We are working to automatically recover your Front Door and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    infoBubbleText="We are sorry, the health of your Front Door may be degraded. We are working to automatically recover your Front Door and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time."
    service="Microsoft.Network"
    resource="frontdoors"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Network-frontdoors-healthannotation_NO_REASON_DEGRADED"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_NO_REASON_DEGRADED,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Front Door resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

We are sorry, the health of your Front Door may be degraded. We are working to automatically recover your Front Door and to determine the source of the problem. No additional action is required from you at this time. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.