<properties
    pageTitle="We're sorry your Azure Data Explorer cluster is experiencing ingestion latency. Please consider implementing below suggested recommendations to handle high ingestion utilization. We will look into possible actions to reduce latency if there is an underlying issue with the Azure Data Explorer platform."
    description="We're sorry your Azure Data Explorer cluster is experiencing ingestion latency. Please consider implementing below suggested recommendations to handle high ingestion utilization. We will look into possible actions to reduce latency if there is an underlying issue with the Azure Data Explorer platform."
    infoBubbleText="We're sorry your Azure Data Explorer cluster is experiencing ingestion latency. Please consider implementing below suggested recommendations to handle high ingestion utilization. We will look into possible actions to reduce latency if there is an underlying issue with the Azure Data Explorer platform."
    service="Microsoft.Kusto"
    resource="Clusters"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Kusto-Clusters-healthannotation_ENGINE_INGESTION_LATENCY"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_ENGINE_INGESTION_LATENCY,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
    ownershipId="AzureDataExplorer_Kusto"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Azure Data Explorer Cluster resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

We're sorry your Azure Data Explorer cluster is experiencing ingestion latency. Please consider implementing below suggested recommendations to handle high ingestion utilization. We will look into possible actions to reduce latency if there is an underlying issue with the Azure Data Explorer platform. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.