<properties
    pageTitle="We're sorry your Azure Data Explorer cluster is experiencing low ingestion success rate. Please inspect ingestion failures to find out the cause of the failures and resolve them. We will look into possible actions to resolve the issue in case the issue resides in the Azure Data Explorer platform itself."
    description="We're sorry your Azure Data Explorer cluster is experiencing low ingestion success rate. Please inspect ingestion failures to find out the cause of the failures and resolve them. We will look into possible actions to resolve the issue in case the issue resides in the Azure Data Explorer platform itself."
    infoBubbleText="We're sorry your Azure Data Explorer cluster is experiencing low ingestion success rate. Please inspect ingestion failures to find out the cause of the failures and resolve them. We will look into possible actions to resolve the issue in case the issue resides in the Azure Data Explorer platform itself."
    service="Microsoft.Kusto"
    resource="Clusters"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Kusto-Clusters-healthannotation_INGESTION_FAILURERATE"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_INGESTION_FAILURERATE,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
    ownershipId="AzureDataExplorer_Kusto"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Azure Data Explorer Cluster resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

We're sorry your Azure Data Explorer cluster is experiencing low ingestion success rate. Please inspect ingestion failures to find out the cause of the failures and resolve them. We will look into possible actions to resolve the issue in case the issue resides in the Azure Data Explorer platform itself. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.