<properties
  pagetitle="Troubleshoot and resolve connectivity issues to Azure Private, Azure Public, or Dynamics 365 Services"
  description="Troubleshoot and resolve connectivity issues to Azure Private, Azure Public, or Dynamics 365 Services - Apollo"
  service=""
  resource=""
  ms.author="mariliu"
  selfhelptype="apollo"
  supporttopicids="11a86cbf-d437-4662-76cd-c28fd138e201"
  productpesids="15480"
  cloudenvironments="public,fairfax,mooncake,blackforest,ussec,usnat"
  disableclouds=""
  articleid="2f162a1c-88fd-4261-98ca-7a76ab852a97"
  ownershipid="CloudNet_AzureExpressRoute"
  resourcerequired="True" />
# Troubleshoot and resolve connectivity issues to Azure Private, Azure Public, or Dynamics 365 Services

## Troubleshoot and resolve connectivity issues

Use the following resources to resolve connectivity issues to Azure Private, Azure Public, and Dynamics 365 Services.
 

:::Section Insights:::
ARP entries can help validate layer 2 configuration and help troubleshoot basic layer 2 connectivity issues.

<insight>
    <executionText>We are running a few checks on your ExpressRoute resource. This may take up to 3 minutes. Thanks for your patience.</executionText>
    <noResultText>The checks completed without reporting any known issues on your ExpressRoute resource. Follow the recommendations here.</noResultText>
    <timeoutText>The checks were taking too long, so we stopped the operation.</timeoutText>
    <maxInsightCount>5</maxInsightCount>
    <additionalInputsReq>false</additionalInputsReq>
    <symptomId>ExpressRoutePortalInsights</symptomId>
</insight>

## **Next steps**

* If there is only one entry in the ARP table, or if the on-premise MAC address shows 'incomplete', open a support request with your connectivity provider to resolve ARP issues
* Verify ARP entries in [Resource Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/expressroute/expressroute-troubleshooting-arp-resource-manager) or [Classic](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/expressroute/expressroute-troubleshooting-arp-classic) Deployment models

## **Resources**

*Azure Private Peering connectivity issues:*

* [Verify ExpressRoute Connectivity](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/expressroute/expressroute-troubleshooting-expressroute-overview), whether issue is in your Network, Provider Network, or in Microsoft Data Center
* [Setup test environment to analyze how Azure networking services interoperate](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/networking/connectivty-interoperability-preface?toc=%2fazure%2fexpressroute%2ftoc.json) at the control plane and data plane levels

*Microsoft Peering (Azure Public or Dynamics 365 Services) connectivity issues:*

* [Configure route filters](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/expressroute/how-to-routefilter-portal) to consume a subset of services through Microsoft Peering
* [Move a public peering to Microsoft peering](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/expressroute/how-to-move-peering)
* [Reset](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/expressroute/reset-circuit) a failed ExpressRoute circuit
