<properties
    pageTitle="A reboot was triggered from inside the virtual machine. This could be due to a virtual machine operating system failure or as requested by an authorized user or process. The virtual machine will be back online after the reboot completes."
    description="A reboot was triggered from inside the virtual machine. This could be due to a virtual machine operating system failure or as requested by an authorized user or process. The virtual machine will be back online after the reboot completes."
    infoBubbleText="A reboot was triggered from inside the virtual machine. This could be due to a virtual machine operating system failure or as requested by an authorized user or process. The virtual machine will be back online after the reboot completes."
    service="Microsoft.ClassicCompute"
    resource="virtualMachines"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.ClassicCompute-virtualMachines-healthannotation_VirtualMachineRestarted"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_VirtualMachineRestarted,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Virtual Machine resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

A reboot was triggered from inside the virtual machine. This could be due to a virtual machine operating system failure or as requested by an authorized user or process. The virtual machine will be back online after the reboot completes. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.