<properties
    pageTitle="Azure has identified that the host server has a degraded {0} that is predicted to fail soon. If feasible, we will Live Migrate your virtual machine as soon as possible, or otherwise redeploy it after {1} UTC time. To minimize risk to your service, and in case the hardware fails before the system initiated migration occurs, we recommend that you self-redeploy your virtual machine as soon as possible."
    description="Azure has identified that the host server has a degraded {0} that is predicted to fail soon. If feasible, we will Live Migrate your virtual machine as soon as possible, or otherwise redeploy it after {1} UTC time. To minimize risk to your service, and in case the hardware fails before the system initiated migration occurs, we recommend that you self-redeploy your virtual machine as soon as possible."
    infoBubbleText="Azure has identified that the host server has a degraded {0} that is predicted to fail soon. If feasible, we will Live Migrate your virtual machine as soon as possible, or otherwise redeploy it after {1} UTC time. To minimize risk to your service, and in case the hardware fails before the system initiated migration occurs, we recommend that you self-redeploy your virtual machine as soon as possible."
    service="Microsoft.ClassicCompute"
    resource="virtualMachines"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.ClassicCompute-virtualMachines-healthannotation_VirtualMachineMigrationScheduledForDegradedHardware"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_VirtualMachineMigrationScheduledForDegradedHardware,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
<!--$EventStatus-->EventStatus<!--/$EventStatus-->: At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your Virtual Machine resource <!--$ResourceName-->ResourceName<!--/$ResourceName-->:

Azure has identified that the host server has a degraded {0} that is predicted to fail soon. If feasible, we will Live Migrate your virtual machine as soon as possible, or otherwise redeploy it after {1} UTC time. To minimize risk to your service, and in case the hardware fails before the system initiated migration occurs, we recommend that you self-redeploy your virtual machine as soon as possible. 
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.