<properties
    pageTitle="There is currently a delay in indexing data for this workspace. Engineers have developed, and are currently verifying, a fix for this issue. "
    description="There is currently a delay in indexing data for this workspace. Engineers have developed, and are currently verifying, a fix for this issue. "
    infoBubbleText="There is currently a delay in indexing data for this workspace. Engineers have developed, and are currently verifying, a fix for this issue. "
    service="Microsoft.OperationalInsights"
    resource="workspaces"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.OperationalInsights-workspaces-healthannotation_SLABreach"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_SLABreach,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your workspace:

There is currently a delay in indexing data for this workspace. Engineers have developed, and are currently verifying, a fix for this issue.  Data is not being indexed by the service and is being queued until the service becomes available. Search queries may return partial results and experience latency.
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.