<properties
 pageTitle="Basic Checks"
 description="Basic Checks"
 service="Microsoft.RecoveryServices"
 resource="Microsoft.RecoveryServices/Vaults"
 authors="StorageMediaEdge_Backup"
 ms.author="StorageMediaEdge_Backup"
 displayOrder=""
 selfHelpType="TSG_Content"
 supportTopicIds=""
 resourceTags=""
 productPesIds=""
 cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
 articleId="2510e730-6e92-4bcf-8104-447d5b972454"
 ownershipId="StorageMediaEdge_Backup"
/>

# Basic Checks

<br>

#### __Before we start, let`s make sure we collect basic information for the next steps and to isolate the issue:__

<br>

#### __Check the VM Properties and OS Version__

<br>

- Go to (**ASC > Resource Explorer > Select the VM > Properties Tab**)


 1. Check the VM **Current Power State**, it should be **Running**, If it is **Stopped/Deallocated**, then the **State** might be inaccurate.
	
 2. Check the VM **State**, it should be **Converged**, if the VM is in a **Seeking** or **Failed** state, check the **CRP VM Status** to get more details.    
**CRP VM Status**  updating might indicate there is an operation that need to finish, give the VM sometime , if the  **CRP VM Status**  does not change and VM still in **Seeking** or **Failed** state, make sure you engage the VM POD team before following this TSG. 
	
 3. Check the **Guest Agent Status** and **Guest Agent Message**, it should be **Ready** and **GuestAgent is running** respectively, If it is anything **other than** "Ready", then this indicates an issue with the Guest Agent and if following basic steps to fix Guest Agent does not work we will need to engage VM POD (Guest Agent team)
	
 4. Check the **GuestOSVersion**, **Windows** or **Linux**. Take a note as this might be a not supported version. 
	

- Check if the VM is Managed /unmanaged. 
Take a note as this would help you/TA/PG to understand the flow of backup we are going to use. 
 
 5. If you have a field called "**Managed Disk**" pointing to a Managed Disk link, then It is **Managed VM**.
	
 6. If you have a field called "**OS Disk Storage Account Name**" pointing to a Storage Account link, then It is **Unmanaged VM**. Check [Back up Azure unmanaged VM disks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/incremental-snapshots).

  
---
<br>

#### __Check the VM Backup Error Code__

<br>

Steps below will provided you with the **Internal** errorcode of the failure, based on that we would try to narrow down the issue to the part/component of the backup that might be failing 

<br>

- How to check VM Backup **Error Code** using **ASC**

 1. Go to (**ASC > Resource Explorer > Select the VM > Insights Tab > Run Insights**).

 2. Check the Insights, it should point out to an **Error Code** in the Description.

 3. Verify the **Impacted Resources**, it should point out to the selected VM.

 4. Check the **Recommended Steps**, if it is applicable and relevant to the case issue then  you can recommend that to the customer.


- How to check VM Backup **Error Code** using **Kusto**

 1. Open **Kusto.Explorer**
 
 2. Get the **Subscription Id** and **VMName** from Case Details.
  
 3. Get the **Error Code** from the below Kusto query output and save the TaskId for analysis.
 
 <br>

			BCMBackupStats  
			| where SubscriptionId == "SubscriptionId" and VMName contains  "VMName" and TIMESTAMP >= ago(30d)  
			| project  StartTime, TIMESTAMP,VMName,ErrorCode,OSType,TaskId

 
 
<br>

 

