<properties
    pageTitle="We're sorry, we have identified unavailability of your database. Currently, Azure shows the downtime for your database resource with up to 15 minutes delay. The actual downtime might be less than two minutes."
    description="We're sorry, we have identified unavailability of your database. Currently, Azure shows the downtime for your database resource with up to 15 minutes delay. The actual downtime might be less than two minutes."
    infoBubbleText="We're sorry, we have identified unavailability of your database. Currently, Azure shows the downtime for your database resource with up to 15 minutes delay. The actual downtime might be less than two minutes."
    service="Microsoft.Sql"
    resource="databases"
    authors="stephbaron"
    ms.author="stbaron"
    articleId="servicehealthinsights-Microsoft.Sql-managedInstances-databases-healthannotation_NO_REASON"
    diagnosticScenario="health_diagnostic"
    selfHelpType="servicehealthinsights"
    cloudEnvironments="public, fairfax, usnat, ussec"
    articleTags="healthannotation_NO_REASON,ServiceHealthAutogenerated"
ownershipId="ASEP_ServiceHealth"
/>

# Your resource was impacted by a resource health event

<!--issueDescription-->
At <!--$startTime--> startTime <!--/$startTime--> UTC, the Azure monitoring system received the following information regarding your database:

We're sorry, we have identified unavailability of your database. Currently, Azure shows the downtime for your database resource with up to 15 minutes delay. The actual downtime might be less than two minutes. We're working to determine the source of the problem.
<!--/issueDescription-->

Please use the link below to view the latest information about the health event and learn about recommended steps in Azure Resource Health.